And so it was I entered tbe broken world 
To trace tbe visionary company of love , its voice 
An instant in tbe wind [1 know not wbitber burled) 

But not for long to bold each desperate choice. 

"The Broken Tower” by Hart Crane. 




Scene One 


X X XX X X SZ XXX 32 X X X XXXXXXX XXX x x x xxxx < 


The exterior of a two-storey corner building on a street in New Orleans 
which is named Elysian Fields and runs between the L & N tracks 
and the river. The section is poor but, unlike corresponding sections in 
other American cities, it bos a raffish charm. The bouses are mostly 
white frame, weathered grey, with rickety outside stairs and galleries 
and quaintly ornamented gables. This building contains two fats, 
upstairs and down. Faded white stairs ascend to the entrances of both. 
It is first dark of an evening early in May. The sky that shows around 
the dim white building is a peculiarly tender blue, almost a turquoise, 
which invests the scene with a kind of lyricism and gracefully attenuates 
the atmosphere of decay. You can almost feel the warm breath of the 
brown river beyond the river warehouses with their faint redolences of 
bananas and coffee. A corresponding air is evoked by the music of Negro 
entertainers at a bar-room around the corner. In this part of New 
Orleans you are practically always just around the corner, or a few 
doors down the street, from a tinny piano being played with the 

infatuated fluency of brown fingers. This “ Blue Piano” expresses the 
spmt of the life which goes on here. 

Two women, one white and one coloured, are taking the air on the 

S fl y building. The white woman is Eunice, who occupies the 
upstairs flat; the coloured woman a neighbour, for New Orleans is a 

cosmopolitan city where there is a relatively warm and easy inter¬ 
mingling of races in the old part of town 

tz Z m z;iX Blue Pian °" ,be mias ofpeop!e on tu stre “ 

out 0 hu7 M t N r't E r ,CE): ' ' ' she “J™ s t- Barnabas would send 

all d °! '? her “ d Whe " he d ' d She ' d feel “ ic y “Id wave 

up an down her. Well, that night when_ 


I SCENE I 

a man (to a sailor): You keep right on going and you'll find it. 
You’ll hear them tapping on the shutters. 

sailor (to negro woman and Eunice): Where's the Four Deuces? 
vendor: Red hot! Red hots! 

negro woman: Don’t waste your money in that clip joint! 
sailor: I've got a date there. 
vendor: Re-e-ed h-o-o-t! 

negro woman: Don’t let them sell you a Blue Moon cocktail or 
you won't go out on your own feet! 

(Two men come around tbe corner, Stanley kowalski and 
mitch. They are about twenty-eight or thirty years old, roughly 
dressed in blue denim work clothes. Stanley carries bis bowling 
jacket and a red-stained package from a butcher’s .) 

Stanley (to mitch ): Well, what did he say? 

mitch: He said he’d give us even money. 

Stanley: Naw! We gotta have odds! 

(They stop at tbe foot of tbe steps.) 

Stanley (bellowing): Hey, there! Stella, Baby! 

(STELLA comes out on tbe first-floor landing, a gentle young 
woman, about twenty-five, and of a background obviously quite 

different from her husband’s.) 

stella (mildly): Don’t holler at me like that. Hi, Mitch. 
Stanley: Catch! 

STELLA*. What? 

Stanley: Meat! 

(He heaves tbe package at her. She cries out in protest but manages 
to catch it: then she laughs breathlessly. Her husband and bis 
companion have already started back around tbe corner.) 

STELLA (calling after him): Stanley! Where are you going? 

Stanley: Bowling! 

stella: Can I come watch? 


10 


SCENE 

Stanley: Come on. (He goes out.) 

stella: Be over soon. (To the white woman ) Hello, Eunice. How 
are you? 

Eunice: I'm all right. Tell Steve to get him a poor boy’s sand¬ 
wich 'cause nothing’s left here. 

(They all laugh; the coloured woman does not stop, stella 

goes out .) 

coloured woman: What was that package he th'ew at 'er? (She 
rises from steps , laughing louder.) 

Eunice: You hush, now! 

negro woman: Catch wbat\ 

(She continues to laugh, blanche comes around the corner , 
carrying a valise. She looks at a slip of paper , then at the building , 
then again at the slip and again at the building. Her expression 
is one of shocked disbelief. Her appearance is incongruous to this 
setting. She is daintily dressed in a white suit with a fluffy 
bodice , necklace and earrings of pearl , white gloves and bat , 
looking as if she were arriving at a summer tea or cocktail party 
in the garden district. She is about five years older than stella. 
Her delicate beauty must avoid a strong light. There is something 
about her uncertain manner , as well as her white clothes , that 

suggests a moth.) 

Eunice (finally): What's the matter, honey? Are you lost? 

blanche (with faintly hysterical humour ): They told me to take 
a street-car named Desire, and then transfer to one called Ceme¬ 
teries and ride six blocks and get off at—Elysian Fields! 

Eunice: That's where you are now. 

blanche: At Elysian Fields? 

Eunice: This here is Elysian Fields. 

blanche: They mustn't have—understood—what number I 
wanted . . . 

Eunice: What number you lookin’ for? 

(blanche wearily refers to the slip of paper.) 

11 



[ SCENE I 


blanche: Six thirty-two. 

Eunice: You don't have to look no further. 

blanche (uncomprebendingly) : I’m looking for my sister, Stella 
DuBois. I mean—Mrs. Stanley Kowalski. 

Eunice: That's the party.—You just did miss her, though. 

blanche: This—can this be—her home? 

Eunice: She's got the downstairs here and I got the up. 

blanche: Oh. She’s—out? 

Eunice: You noticed that bowling alley around the comer? 
blanche: I’m—not sure I did. 

Eunice: Well, that's where she's at, watchin’ her husband bowl. 
{There is a pause.) You want to leave your suitcase here an’ go 
find her? 

blanche: No. 

negro woman: I’ll go tell her you come. 
blanche: Thanks. 

negro woman: You welcome. {She goes out.) 

Eunice: She wasn't expecting you? 
blanche: No. No, not tonight. 

Eunice: Well, why don't you just go in and make yourself at 
home till they get back. 

blanche: How could I—do that? 

Eunice: We own this place so I can let you in. 

{She gets up and opens the downstairs door. A light goes on 
behind the blind, turning it light blue, blanche slowly follows 
her into the downstairs flat. The surrounding areas dim out as 

the interior is lighted.) 

{Two rooms can be seen, not too clearly defined. The one first 
entered is primarily a kitchen but contains a folding bed to be 
used by blanche. The room beyond this is a bedroom. Off this 

room is a narrow door to a bathroom.) 


12 


SCENE 7] 

Eunice ( defensively , noticing Blanche's look): It’s sort of messed 
up right now but when it's clean it’s real sweet. 

blanche: Is it? 

Eunice: Uh-huh, I think so. So you're Stella's sister? 
blanche: Yes. (Wanting to get rid of ber .) Thanks for letting me in. 
Eunice: Por nada, as the Mexicans sny,pornada\ Stella spoke ofyou. 
blanche: Yes? 

Eunice: I think she said you taught school. 
blanche: Yes. 

Eunice: And you're from Mississippi, huh? 
blanche: Yes. 

Eunice: She showed me a picture of your home-place, the plantation. 
blanche: Belle Reve? 

Eunice: A great big place with white columns. 
blanche: Yes . . . 

Eunice: A place like that must be awful hard to keep up. 
blanche: If you will excuse me, I’m just about to drop. 

Eunice: Sure, honey. Why don’t you set down? 

blanche: What I meant was I’d like to be left alone. 

Eunice {offended)-. Aw. I’ll make myself scarce, in that case. 
blanche: I didn’t mean to be rude, but- 

Eunice: I’ll drop by the bowling alley an' hustle her up. (She goes 
out the door.) 6 

(blanche sits in a chair very stiffly with ber shoulders slightly 
bunched and ber legs pressed close together and ber bands tightly 
clutching ber purse as if she were quite cold. After a while the 
blind look goes out of ber eyes and she begins to look slowly around. 
A cat screeches. Sbe catches ber breath with a startled gesture 
Suddenly sbe notices something in a half opened closet. Sbe springs 
U P end crosses to it , and removes a whiskey bottle. Sbe pours a 
half tumbler of whiskey and tosses it down. Sbe carefully replaces 

IS 



£ SCENE I 

the bottle and washes out the tumbler at the sink. Then sbe resumes 
her seat in front of the table.) 

blanche ( faintly to herself ): I’ve got to keep hold of myself! 

(stella comes quickly around the corner of the building and runs 

to the door of the downstairs flat.) 

stella (calling out joyfully ): Blanche! 

(For a moment they stare at each other. Then blanche springs 

up and runs to her with a wild cry.) 

blanche: Stella, oh, Stella, Stella! Stella for Star! 

(Sbe begins to speak with feverish vivacity as if sbe feared for 
either of them to stop and think. They catch each other in a 

spasmodic embrace.) 

blanche: Now, then, let me look at you. But don’t you look at 
me, Stella, no, no, no, not till later, not till I’ve bathed and rested! 
And turn that over-light off! Turn that off! I won t be looked at 
in this merciless glare! (stella laughs and complies.) Come back 
here now! Oh, my baby! Stella! Stella for Star! ( Sbe embraces her 
again.) I thought you would never come back to this horrible 
place! What am I saying? I didn't mean to say that. I meant to 
be nice about it and say—Oh, what a convenient location and such 
_Ha-a-ha! Precious lamb! You haven't said a word to me. 

stella: You haven’t given me a chance to, honey! (Sbe laughs, 
but her glance at blanche is a little anxious.) 

blanche: Well, now you talk. Open your pretty mouth and talk 
while I look around for some liquor! I know you must have some 
liquor on the place! Where could it be, I wonder? Oh, I spy, I spy. 

(She rushes to the closet and removes the bottle; sbe is shaking all 
over and panting for breath as she tries to laugh. The bottle 

nearly slips from her grasp.) 

stella (noticing): Blanche, you sit down and let me pour the 
drinks. I don’t know what we’ve got to mix \yith. Maybe a coke s 

in the icebox. Look’n see, honey, while I'm- 

blanche: No coke, honey, not with my nerves tonight! Where— 

where—where is-? 


14 



SCENE J] 

stella: Stanley? Bowling! He loves it. They're having a — found 
some soda!—tournament . . . 

blanche: Just water, baby, to chase it! Now don’t get worried, 
your sister hasn’t turned into a drunkard, she’s just all shaken up 
and hot and tired and dirty! You sit down, now, and explain this 
place to me! What are you doing in a place like this? 

stella: Now, Blanche- 


blanche: Oh, I’m not going to be hypocritical, I’m going to be 
honestly critical about it! Never, never, never in my worst dreams 

could I picture-Only Poe! Only Mr. Edgar Allan Poe!—could 

do it justice! Out there I suppose is the ghoul-haunted woodland 
of Weir! ( Sbe laugbs.) 

stella: No, honey, those are the L & N tracks. 

blanche: No, now seriously, putting joking aside. Why didn't you 
fell me, why didn’t you write me, honey, why didn’t you let me know? 

stella ( carefully , pouring herself a drink): Tell you what, Blanche? 

blanche: Why, that you had to live in these conditions! 

stella: Aren't you being a little intense about it? It's not that 
bad at all! New Orleans isn’t like other cities. 

blanche: This has got nothing to do with New Orleans. You 
might as well say—forgive me, blessed baby! ( Sbe suddenly stops 
short.) The subject is closed! 

stella ( a little drily): Thanks. 

(During the pause, blanche stares at her. Sbe smiles at blanche. ) 

blanche (looking down at her glass , which shakes in her band): 
You re all I’ve got in the world, and you’re not glad to see me! 
stella ( sincerely ): Why, Blanche, you know that’s not true. 


blanche: No? —I’d forgotten how quiet you were. 

stella: You never did give me a chance to say much, Blanche. 
60 I just got in the habit of being quiet around you. 


blanchs (vaguely): A good habit to get into . . . (then 

abruptly) You haven't asked me how I happened to get away from 
the school before the spring term ended. 




[ SCENE I 

stella: Well, I thought you'd volunteer that information—if you 
wanted to tell me. 

blanche: You thought I'd been fired? 

stella: No, I—thought you might have—resigned . . . 

blanche: I was so exhausted by all I'd been through my—nerves 
broke. (Nervously tamping cigarette.) I was on the verge of— 
lunacy, almost! So Mr. Graves—Mr. Graves is the high school 
superintendent—he suggested I take a leave of absence. I couldn’t 
put all of those details into the wire . . . (Sbe drinks quickly.) 
Oh, this buzzes right through me and feels so goodl 

stella: Won't you have another? 

blanche: No, one’s my limit. 

stella: Sure? 

blanche: You haven’t said a word about my appearance. 
stella: You look just fine. 

blanche: God love you for a liar! Daylight never exposed so total 
a ruin! But you—you've put on some weight, yes, you're just as 
plump as a little partridge! And it’s so becoming to you! 

stella: Now, Blanche- 

blanche: Yes, it is, it is or I wouldn’t say it! You just have to 
watch around the hips a little. Stand up. 


stella: Not now. 

BLANCHE- You hear me? I said stand up! (stella complies reluc¬ 
tantly ) You messy child, you, you've spilt someth,ng on that 
pretty white lace collar! About your hair—you ought to have ,t 
cut in a feather bob with your dainty features. Stella, you have a 

maid, don’t you? 

stella: No. With only two rooms it’s- 

blanche: What? Two rooms, did you say? 

STELLA, This one and- (Sbe is embarrassed.) 

blanche, The other one? (Sbe laughs sharply. There ,s an embar¬ 
rassed silence.) How quiet you are, you're so peaceful. Lo° k how 
YOU sit there with your little hands folded like a cherub in choir 
J 16 



SCENE /] 

stella ( uncomfortably ): I never had anything like your energy, 
Blanche. 


blanche: Well, I never had your beautiful self-control. I am going 
to take just one little tiny nip more, sort of to put the stopper on, 
so to speak. . . . Then put the bottle away so I won't be tempted. 
(She rises.) I want you to look at my figure! (Sbe turns around.) 
You know I haven’t put on one ounce in ten years, Stella? I weigh 
what I weighed the summer you left Belle Reve. The summer 
Dad died and you left us . . . 

stella (a little wearily): It’s just incredible, Blanche, how well 
you're looking. 

blanche: You see I still have that awful vanity about my looks 
even now that my looks are slipping! (Sbe laugbs nervously and 
glances at stella for reassurance.) 

stella ( dutifully ): They haven’t slipped one particle. 

blanche: After all I’ve been through? You think I believe that 
story? Blessed child! (She touches her forehead shakily.) Stella, 
there's—only two rooms? * 


stella: And a bathroom. 

blanche: Oh, you do have a bathroom! First door to the right at 
the top of the stairs? (They both laugh uncomfortably.) But, Stella, 
I don't see where you're going to put me! 

stella: We're going to put you in here. 

blanchl; What kind of bed's this—one of those collapsible things? 
(Sbe sits on it.) b 

stella: Does it feel all right? 

blanche (dubiously ): Wonderful, honey. I don't like a bed that 

gives much But there's no door between the two rooms, and 
otanley—will it be decent? 

stella: Stanley is Polish, you know. 

blanche: Oh, yes. They're something like Irish, aren't they? 
stella: Well- 

blanche: Only not so—highbrow? (They both laugh again in the 
b 17 



[ SCENE I 

same way .) I brought some nice clothes to meet all your lovely 
friends in. 


stella: I'm afraid you won’t think they are lovely. 
blanche: What are they like? 
stella: They’re Stanley's friends. 
blanche: Polacks? 


stella: They're a mixed lot, Blanche. 
blanche: Heterogeneous—types? 


stella: Oh, yes. Yes, types is right! 

blanche: Well—anyhow—I brought nice clothes and I’ll wear 
them. I guess you're hoping I'll say I’ll put up at a hotel, but I'm 
not going to put up at a hotel. I want to be near you, got to be 
with somebody, I can’t be alonel Because—as you must have noticed 
—I'm— not very well . . . (Her voice drops and ber look is frightened .) 


stella: You seem a little bit nervous or overwrought or 
something. 

blanche: Will Stanley like me, or will I be just a visiting in-law, 
Stella? I couldn't stand that. 


stella: You’ll get along fine together, if you’ll just try not to— 
we ll_compare him' with men that we went out with at home. 


blanche: Is he so—different? 


stella: Yes. A different species. 
blanche: In what way; what's he like? 

stella: Oh, you can’t describe someone you're in love with! 
Here’s a picture of him! ( She bands a photograph to blanche.) 

blanche: An officer? 

stella: A Master Sergeant in the Engineers’ Corps. Those are 
decorations! 

blanche: He had those on when you met him? 

stella: I assure you I wasn't just blinded by all the brass. 

blanche: That’s not what I- 

stella: But of course there were things to adjust myself to later on. 

18 


♦ SCENE 12 

blanche: Such as his civilian background! (stella laughs uncer¬ 
tainly.) How did he take it when you said I was coming? 
stella: Oh, Stanley doesn’t know yet. 
blanche ( frightened): You—haven't told him? 
stella: He’s on the road a good deal. 
blanche: Oh. Travels? 
stella: Yes. 

blanche: Good. I mean—isn't it? 

STELLA (half to herself ): I can hardly stand it when he is away for 
a night ... 

blanche: Why, Stella? 

stella: When he's away for a week I nearly go wild! 
blanche: Gracious! 

stella: And when he comes back I cry on his lap like a babv 
(She smiles to herself .) 

blanche: I guess that is what is meant by being in love 

(stella looks up with a radiant smile.) Stella_ 

stella: What? 


blanche (in an uneasy rush): I haven’t asked you the things you 
probably thought I was going to ask. And so I’ll expect you to be 
understanding about what I have to tell you. 

stella: What, Blanche? ( Her face turns anxious.) 


vou re h' A !’ SteIla -y° U re S° in E t0 re proach me, I know that 

sTderatb ,T°, me_bUt ^ *° U dl ^ takc in *° “n- 

Orlea ~7i° U , 1 Stayed and stru SB ledl You “me to New 

tr ed m h"u T ^ y ° UrSelf! 1 ^ at Betl ' »«* and 

rvav but ui th 7!, ! rm " 0t meaning tWs in “7 re proachful 

ay, but all the burden descended on my shoulders. 


stella: The best I could do was make my own living, Blanche. 

(blanche begins to shake again with intensity.) 
BLANCHE. 1 know I know. But you are the one that abandoned 

died forTtl' n<>t a, ' d f ° Ught f0r if ’ bl «i for it, almost 


19 



I SCENE I 

stella: Stop this hysterical outburst and tell me what's happened? 
What do you mean fought and bled? What kind of- 

blanche: I knew you would, Stella. I knew you would take this 
attitude about it! 

stella: About—what?—please! 

blanche (slowly): The loss—the loss . . . 

stella: Belle Reve? Lost, is it? No! 

blanche: Yes, Stella. 

(They stare at each other across the yellow-checked linoleum oj the 
table, blanche slowly nods her bead and stella looks slowly down 

at her hands folded on the table. The music of the "blue piano ' grows 

louder, blanche touches her handkerchief to her forehead.) 

stella: But how did it go? What happened? 

blanche (springing up): You’re a fine one to ask me how it went! 

stella: Blanche! 

blanche: You're a fine one to sit there accusing me of it! 
stella: Blanche! 

blanche: I, I, I took the blows in my face and my«body! All of 
those deaths! The long parade to the graveyard! Father, mother! 
Margaret, that dreadful way! So big with it, it couldn’t be put in 
a coffin 1 But had to be burned like rubbish! You just came home 
in time for the funerals, Stella. And funerals are pretty compared 
to deaths. Funerals are quiet, but deaths—not always. Sometimes 
their breathing is hoarse, and sometimes it rattles, and sometimes 
they even cry out to you, “Don’t let me go!" Even the old, some¬ 
times, say, “Don't let me go." As if you were able to stop them. 
But funerals are quiet, with pretty flowers. And, oh, what gorgeous 
boxes they pack them away in! Unless you were there at the bed 
when they cried out, “Hold me!” you’d never suspect there was 
the struggle for breath and bleeding. You didn't dream, but 
saw! Saw! Saw! And now you sit there telling me with your eyes 
that I let the place go! How in hell do you think all that sickness 
and dying was paid for? Death is expensive, Miss Stella! And old 

20 



SCENE 12 

Cousin Jessie’s right after Margaret’s, hers! Why, the Grim 
Reaper had put up his tent on our doorstep! . . . Stella. Belle 
Reve was his headquarters! Honey—that’s how it slipped through 
my fingers! Which of them left us a fortune? Which of them left 
a cent of insurance even? Only poor Jessie—one hundred to pay 
for her coffin. That was all, Stella! And I with my pitiful salary 
at the school. Yes, accuse me! Sit there and stare at me, thinking 
I let the place go! I let the place go? Where were you. In bed with 
your—Polack! 


STELLA ( springing ): Blanche! You be still! That's enough! (She 
starts out .) 

blanche: Where are you going? 

stella: I’m going into the bathroom to wash my face. 
blanche: Oh, Stella, Stella, you're crying! 
stella: Does that surprise you? 

(STELLA goes into the bathroom.) 

(Outside is tbe sound of men’s voices. Stanley, steve and 

mitch cross to tbe foot of tbe steps.) 

steve: And the old lady is on her way to Mass and she’s late 

and there’s a cop standin' in front of th' church an' she comes 

runmn' up an’ says, "Officer—is Mass out yet?” He looks her 

over and says, “No, Lady, but y’r hat's on crooked!” (They give 
a bourse bellow of laughter.) 

steve: Playing poker tomorrow night? 

Stanley: Yeah—at Mitch's. 


mitch: Not at my place. My mother’s still sick. (He starts off.) 

STANLEY (calling after him)-. All right, we’ll play at my place 
• . . but you bring the beer, 

Eunice {hollering down from above): Break it up down there! I 
made the spaghetti dish and ate it myself 

W55 rsi, 1 ““ i ” 1 “* »»™ ™ *** 

Eunice: You never phoned me once. 
steve: I told you at breakfast-and phoned you at lunch 

21 


• • • 



[ SCENE I 

Eunice: Well, never mind about that. You just get yourself home 

here once in a while. 

steve: You want it in the papers? 

(More laughter and shouts of parting come from the men. 
Stanley throws the screen door of the kitchen open and comes 
in. He is of medium height, about Jive feet eight or nine, and 
strongly, compactly built. Animal joy in his being is implicit in 
all bis movements and attitudes. Since earliest manhood the centre 
of his life has been pleasure with women, the giving and taking 
of it, not with weak indulgence, dependently, but with the power 
and pride of a richly feathered male bird among bens. Branching 
out from this complete and satisfying centre are all the auxiliary 
channels of bis life, such as bis heartiness with men, his apprecia¬ 
tion of rough humour, bis love of good drink and food and games, 
bis car, bis radio, everything that is bis, that bears bis emblem 
of the gaudy seed-bearer. He sizes women up at a glance , with 
sexual classifications, crude images flashing into bis mind and 

determining the way be smiles at them.) 
blanche (drawing involuntarily back from bis stare): You must be 
Stanley. I'm Blanche. 

Stanley: Stella's sister? 
blanche: Yes. 

STANLEY: H'lo. Where’s the little woman? 
blanche: In the bathroom. 

STANLEY: Oh. Didn't know you were coming in town. 

blanche: I—uh- 

Stanley: Where you from, Blanche? 
blanche: Why, I—live in Laurel. 

(He has crossed to the closet and removed the whiskey bottle.) 

Stanley: In Laurel, huh? Oh, yeah. Yeah, in Laurel, that's right 
Not in my territory. Liquor goes fast in hot weather. (He holds 
the bottle to the light to observe its depletion.) Have a shot? 
blanche: No, I—rarely touch it. 

Stanley: Some people rarely touch it, but it touches them often. 
blanche (faintly): Ha-ha. 


22 



SCENE 12 

Stanley: My clothes’re stickin' to me. Do you mind if I make 
myself comfortable? (He starts to remove bis sbirt.) 
blanche: Please, please do. 

Stanley: Be comfortable is my motto. 

blanche: It’s mine, too. It's hard to stay looking fresh. I haven’t 
washed or even powdered my face and—here you are! 

STANLEY: You know you can catch cold sitting around in damp 
things, especially when you been exercising hard like bowling is. 
You're a teacher, aren’t you? 

blanche: Yes. 


Stanley: What do you teach, Blanche? 
blanche: English. 

Stanley: I never was a very good English student. How long 
you here for, Blanche? 

blanche: I—don’t know yet. 

STANLEY: You going to shack up here? 

blanche: I thought I would if it's not inconvenient for you all. 
STANLEY: Good. 

blanche: Travelling wears me out. 

STANLEY: Well, take it easy. 

(A cat screeches near tbe window, blanche springs up.) 
blanche: What’s that? r '* 

STANLEY: Cats . . . Hey, Stella! 

stella {faintly, from tbe bathroom ): Yes, Stanley. 

STANLEY: Haven't fallen in, have you? {He grins at blanche Sbe 
tries unsuccessfully to smile back. There is a silence.) I' m afraid HI 

Y ^ ,he Unrefined * Pe ' Ste,1 *' S Ue of you a 
good deal. You were married once, weren't you? * 

{Tbe music of tbe polka rises up, faint in tbe distance ) 
blanche: Yes. When I was quite young. ' 

Stanley: What happened? 

blanche: The boy—the bov died ( c/,, • / > » , 
afraid I'm-goingto be sicW ( ’ “ *“■> 

(Her bead Jails on her arms .) 

23 



Scene Two 


4 




It is six o’clock the following evening, blanche is bathing, stella 
is completing her toilette. Blanche's dress, a flowered print , is laid 
out on stella's bed. 

Stanley enters the kitchen from outside, leaving the door open on the 
perpetual "blue piano” around the corner. 

Stanley: What's all this monkey doings? 

stella: Oh, Stan! ( She jumps up and kisses him which be accepts 
with lordly composure.) I’m taking Blanche to Galatoire's for supper 
and then to a show, because it's your poker night. 

STANLEY: How about my supper, huh? I’m not going to no Gala¬ 
toire's for supper! 

stella: I put you a cold plate on ice. 

Stanley: Well, isn't that just dandy! 

stella: I’m going to try to keep Blanche out till the party breaks 
up because I don't know how she would take it. So we'll go to 
one of the little places in the Quarter afterwards and you’d better 
give me some money. 

STANLEY: Where is she? 

stella: She’s soaking in a hot tub to quiet her nerves. She's 
terribly upset. 

Stanley: Over what? 

stella: She's been through such an ordeal. 

Stanley: Yeah? 

stella: Stan, we’ve—lost Belle Revel 
Stanley: The place in the country? 



SCENE II] 

stella: Yes. 

STANLEY: How? 

stella (vaguely): Oh, it had to be—sacrificed or something. 
(There is a pause while Stanley considers, stella is changing into 
her dress.) When she comes in be sure to say something nice 
about her appearance. And, oh! Don’t mention the baby. I haven't 
said anything yet, I'm waiting until she gets in a quieter condition. 

Stanley ( ominously ): So? 

stella: And try to understand her and be nice to her, Stan. 

blanche (singing in the bathroom): 

"From the land of the sky blue water, 

They brought a captive maid!” 

stella: She wasn't expecting to find us in such a small place. 
You see I’d tried to gloss things over a little in my letters. 

STANLEY: So? 

stella: And admire her dress and tell her she’s looking wonderful. 
That's important with Blanche. Her little weakness! 

Stanley: Yeah. I get the idea. Now let’s skip back a little to where 
you said the country place was disposed of. 

stella: Oh!—yes . . . 

STANLEY: How about that? Let's have a few more details on that 
subject. 

stella: It’s best not to talk much about it until she's calmed 
down. 

STANLEY: So that’s the deal, huh? Sister Blanche cannot be an¬ 
noyed with business details right now! 

stella: You saw how she was last night. 

U < h ' h , Um ’ 1 SaW h ° W $he WaS ' Now Iet ’ s hav e a gander 
at the bill of sale. 6 

stella: I haven’t seen any. 

U T kX; Sh0W y0U n ° papers - n ° deed 0f saIe «■ -thing 


25 



[ SCENE II 


stella: It seems like it wasn't sold. 

Stanley: Well, what in hell was it then, give away? To charity? 
stella: Shhh! She'll hear you. 

Stanley: I don’t care if she hears me. Let's see the papers! 

stella: There weren't any papers, she didn't show any papers, I 
don't care about papers. 

Stanley: Have you ever heard of the Napoleonic code? 

stella: No, Stanley, I haven’t heard of the Napoleonic code and 
if I have, I don't see what it- 

Stanley: Let me enlighten you on a point or two, baby. 
stella: Yes? 

Stanley: In the state of Louisiana we have the Napoleonic code 
according to which what belongs to the wife belongs to the 
husband and vice versa. For instance if I had a piece of property, 
or you had a piece of property- 

stella: My head is swimming! 

Stanley: All right. I'll wait till she gets through soaking in a 
hot tub and then I'll inquire if she is acquainted with the Napoleonic 
code. It looks to me like you have been swindled, baby, and when 
you’re swindled under the Napoleonic code I’m swindled too. And 
I don’t like to be swindled. 

stella: There's plenty of time to ask her questions later but if 
you do now she'll go to pieces again. I don't understand what 
happened to Belle Reve but you don’t know how ridiculous you are 
being when you suggest that my sister or I or anyone of our 
family could have perpetrated a swindle on anyone else. 

Stanley: Then where’s the money if the place was sold? 

stella: Not sold— lost, lost\ 

(He stalks into bedroom, and sbe follows him.) 

Stanley! 

(He pulls open the wardrobe trunk standing in middle of room 

and jerks out an armful of dresses .) 

26 



SCENE //] 

Stanley: Open your eyes to this stuff! You think she got them 
out of a teacher’s pay? 

stella: Hush! 


Stanley: Look at these feathers and furs that she come here to 
preen herself in! What’s this here? A solid-gold dress, I believe! 
And this one! What is these here? Fox-pieces! (He blows on them.) 
Genuine fox fur-pieces, a half a mile long! Where are your fox- 
pieces, Stella? Bushy snow-white ones, no less! Where are your 
white fox-pieces? 

stella: Those are inexpensive summer furs that Blanche has had 
a long time. 


STANLEY: I got an acquaintance who deals in this sort of merchan¬ 
dise. I’ll have him in here to appraise it. I’m willing to bet you 
there’s thousands of dollars invested in this stuff here! 

stella: Don’t be such an idiot, Stanley! 

(He burls t be furs to tbe day bed. Then be jerks open small drawer 
in tbe trunk and pulls up a fist-full of costume jewelry .) 

STANLEY: And what have we here? The treasure chest of a pirate! 
stella: Oh, Stanley! 

STANLEY: Pearls! Ropes of them! What is this sister of yours, a 
deep-sea diver who brings up sunken treasures? Or is she the 
cham pi0 n safe-cracker of all time! Bracelets of solid gold, too! 
Where are your pearls and gold bracelets? 

stella: Shhh! Be still, Stanley! 

Stanley: And diamonds! A crown for an empress! 

stella: A rhinestone tiara she wore to a costume ball. 

STANLEY: What’s rhinestone? 


stella: Next door to glass. 

STANLEY: Are you kidding? I have an acquaintance that works in 
jewelry store. I’ll have him in here to make an appraisal of this 
Here s your plantation, or what was left of it, here! 

stella: You have no idea how stupid and horrid you're beinvl 
Now close that trunk before she comes out of die baLoom! * 




£ SCENE II 

(He kicks the trunk partly closed and sits on tbe kitchen table.) 
Stanley: The Kowalskis and the DuBois have different notions. 
stella (angrily)-. Indeed they have, thank heavens!— I’m going 
outside. (She snatches up her white bat and gloves and crosses to tbe 
outside door.) You come out with me while Blanche is getting 
dressed. 

Stanley: Since when do you give me orders? 

stella: Are you going to stay here and insult her? 

Stanley: You’re damn tootin' I'm going to stay here. 

(stella goes out on tbe porch, blanche comes out of tbe bath¬ 
room in a red satin robe.) 

blanche (airily): Hello, Stanley! Here I am, all freshly bathed 
and scented, and feeling like a brand new human being! 

(He lights a cigarette.) 

Stanley: That's good. 

blanche (drawing tbe curtains at tbe windows): Excuse me while 
I slip on my pretty new dress!! 

Stanley: Go right ahead, Blanche. 

(Sbe closes tbe drapes between tbe rooms.) 

blanche: I understand there's to be a little card party to which 
we ladies are cordially not invited. 

Stanley (ominously): Yeah? 

(blanche throws off ber robe and slips into a flowered print 

dress .) 

blanche: Where’s Stella? 

STANLEY: Out on the porch. 

blanche: I'm going to ask a favour of you in a moment. 

STANLEY: What could that be, I wonder? 
blanche: Some buttons in back! You may enter! 

(He crosses through drapes with a smouldering look.) 

How do I look? 

Stanley: You look all right. 
blanche: Many thanks! Now the buttons! 

28 



SCENE //] 

Stanley: I can’t do nothing with them. 

blanche: You men with your big clumsy fingers. May I have a 
drag on your cig? 

Stanley: Have one for yourself. 

blanche: Why, thanks! ... It looks like my trunk has exploded. 

Stanley: Me an' Stella were helping you unpack. 

blanche: Well, you certainly did a fast and thorough job of it! 

Stanley: It looks like you raided some stylish shops in Paris. 

blanche: Ha-ha! Yes—clothes are my passion! 

Stanley: What does it cost for a string of fur-pieces like that? 

blanche: Why, those were a tribute from an admirer of mine! 

Stanley: He must have had a lot of—admiration! 

blanche: Oh, in my youth I excited some admiration. But look 
at me now! (She smiles at him radiantly.) Would you think it 
possible that I was once considered to be—attractive? 

Stanley: Your looks are okay. 

blanche: I was fishing for a compliment, Stanley. 

Stanley: I don’t go in for that stuff. 

blanche: What—stuff? 

STANLEY: Compliments to women about their looks. I never met 
a woman that didn't know if she was good-looking or not with¬ 
out being told, and some of them give themselves credit for more 
than they’ve got. I once went out with a doll who said to me, 

“I am the glamorous type, I am the glamorous type!” I said! 
“So what?” 

blanche: And what did she say then? 

Stanley: She didn't say nothing. That shut her up like a clam. 
blanche: Did it end the romance? 

Stanley: It ended the conversation—that was all. Some men are 
took m by this Hollywood glamour stuff and some men are not. 

blanche: I’m sure you belong in the second category. 

29 



[ SCENE II 


Stanley: That’s right. 

blanche: I cannot imagine any witch of a woman casting a spell 
over you. 

Stanley: That’s—right. 

blanche: You're simple, straightforward and honest, a little bit 
on the primitive side I should think. To interest you a woman 
would have to- (Sbe pauses with an indefinite gesture.) 

Stanley (slowly): Lay . . . her cards on the table. 

blanche (smiling): Yes—yes—cards on the table. . . . Well, 
life is too full of evasions and ambiguities, I think. I like an artist 
who paints in strong, bold colours, primary colours. I don't like 
pinks and creams and I never cared for wishy-washy people. That 
was why, when you walked in here last night, I said to myself— 
"My sister has married a man!”—Of course that was all that I 
could tell about you. 

Stanley (booming): Now let's cut the re-bop! 

blanche (pressing bands to ber ears): Ouuuuu! 

stella (calling from the steps): Stanley! You come out here and 
let Blanche finish dressing! 

blanche: I'm through dressing, honey. 
stella: Well, you come out, then. 

Stanley: Your sister and I are having a little talk. 
blanche (Hgbtly): Honey, do me a favour. Run to the drug-store 
and get me a lemon-coke with plenty of chipped ice in it!—Will 
you do that for me, Sweetie? 

STELLA (uncertainly): Yes. (Sbe goes around tbe corner of the 
building.) 

blanche: The poor little tiling was out there listening to us, and 
I have an idea she doesn't understand you as well as I do. . . . 
All right; now, Mr. Kowalski, let us proceed without any more 
double-talk. I'm ready to answer all questions. I’ve nothing to 

hide. What is it? 

Stanley: There is such a thing in this State of Louisiana as the 

SO 



SCENE 11'} 

Napoleonic code, according to which whatever belongs to my wife 
is also mine—and vice versa. 


blanche: My, but you have an impressive judicial air! 

(She sprays herself with her atomizer; then playfully sprays him 
with it. He seizes the atomizer and slams it down on the dresser. 
She throws back her bead and laughs .) 

Stanley: If I didn’t know that you was my wife’s sister I’d get 
ideas about you! 

blanche: Such as what? 


Stanley: Don't play so dumb. You know what!—Where's the 
papers? 

blanche: Papers? 


Stanley: Papers! That stuff people write on! 

blanche: Oh, papers, papers! Ha-ha! The first anniversary gift, 
all kinds of papers! 

Stanley: I’m talking of legal papers. Connected with the planta¬ 
tion. 

blanche: There were some papers. 

Stanley: You mean they’re no longer existing? 

blanche: They probably are, somewhere. 

Stanley: But not in the trunk. 

blanche: Everything that I own is in that trunk. 

Stanley: Then why don't we have a look for them? (He crosses to 
the trunk, shoves it roughly open and begins to open compartments .) 

blanche: What in the name of heaven are you thinking of! What’s 
in the back of that little boy’s mind of yours? That I am abscond¬ 
ing with something, attempting some kind of treachery on mv 
sister? Let me do that! It will be faster and simpler . . I She 

t0 * be and takes "* * box.) I keep my papers mostly in 
this tin box. (She opens it.) 

“ W1 ’ at S them Underneath? indkata another sheaf of 


31 



tSCENE II 

blanche: These are love-letters, yellowing with antiquity, all 
from one boy. (He snatches them up. She speaksfiercely .) Give those 
back to me! 

Stanley: I'll have a look at them first! 

blanche: The touch of your hands insults them! 

Stanley: Don’t pull that stuff! 

(He rips off the ribbon and starts to examine them, blanche 
snatches them from him, and they cascade to the floor.) 

blanche: Now that you’ve touched them I'll burn them! 

Stanley ( staring , baffled)'. What in hell are they? 

blanche (on the floor gathering them up): Poems a dead boy wrote. 

I hurt him the way that you would like to hurt me, but you can't! 
I'm not young and vulnerable any more. But my young husband 
was and I—never mind about that! Just give them back to me! 

Stanley: What do you mean by saying you’ll have to bum them? 

blanche: I'm sorry, I must have lost my head for a moment. 
Everyone has something he won’t let others touch because of their 
—intimate nature . . . 

(She now seems faint with exhaustion and she sits down with 
the strong box and puts on a pair of glasses and goes methodically 

through a large stack of papers .) 

Ambler & Ambler. Hmmmmm. . . . Crabtree. . . . More Ambler 
& Ambler. 

Stanley: What is Ambler & Ambler? 
blanche: A firm that made loans on the place. 

Stanley: Then it was lost on a mortgage? 

blanche (touching her forehead): That must've been what hap¬ 
pened. 

Stanley: I don't want no ifs, ands or buts! What’s all the rest 
of them papers? 

[She bands him the entire box. He carries it to the table and 

starts to examine the papers.) 

32 



SCENE //] 


blanche ( picking up a large envelope containing more papers)-. There 
are thousands of papers, stretching back over hundreds of years, 
affecting Belle Reve as, piece by piece, our improvident grand¬ 
fathers and father and uncles and brothers exchanged the land for 
their epic fornications—to put it plainly! (She removes her glasses 
with an exhausted laugh.) Till finally all that was left—and Stella 
can verify that!—was the house itself and about twenty acres of 
ground, including a graveyard, to which now all but Stella and 
I have retreated. (Shepours the contents of the envelope on the table.) 
Here all of them are, all papers! I hereby endow you with them! 
Take them, peruse them—commit them to memory, even! I think 
it’s wonderfully fitting that Belle Reve should finally be this 
bunch of old papers in your big, capable hands! ... I wonder 
if Stella's come back with my lemon-coke. ... 

(She leans back and closes her eyes.) 

Stanley: I have a lawyer acquaintance who will study these out. 
blanche: Present them to him with a box of aspirin tablets. 


STANLEY ( becoming somewhat sheepish): You see, under the Napo¬ 
leonic code—a man has to take an interest in his wife's affairs_ 

especially now that she’s going to have a baby. 

(blanche opens her eyes. The “blue piano ” sounds louder.) 

blanche: Stella? Stella going to have a baby? ( Dreamily ) I didn’t 
know she was going to have a baby! 

(Shegets up and crosses to the outside door. Stella appears around 
the corner with a carton from the drug-store. 

(Stanley goes into the bedroom with the envelope and the box. 
(The inner rooms fade to darkness and the outside wall of the 
bouse is visible, blanche meets stella at the foot of the steps to 

the sidewalk .) 


blanche: Stella, Stella for Star! How lovely to have a baby' IS 
embraces her stster. stella returns the embrace with a convulsive so 
blanche softly ) Everything is all right; we thrashed it ou 
I feel a bit shaky, but I think I handled it nicely. I laughed ar 

mned Yel 7 * ^ ^ , him 3 Uttle ^ and 

ttirted. Yes—I was flirting with your husband, Stella! 


c 





[ SCENE II 

(steve and pablo appear carrying a case of beer.) 

The guests are gathering for the poker party. 

(The two men pass between them, and with a short, curious stare 

at blanche, they enter the bouse.) 

stella: I'm sorry he did that to you. 

blanche: He’s just not the sort that goes for jasmine perfume! 
But maybe he's what we need to mix with our blood now that 
we've lost Belle Reve and have to go on without Belle Reve to 
protect us. . . . How pretty the sky is! I ought to go there on 
a rocket that never comes down. 

[A tamale vendor calls out as be rounds tbe corner.) 
vendor: Red hots! Red hots! 

(blanche utters a sharp, frightened cry and shrinks away; then 

she laughs breathlessly again.) 

blanche: Which way do we—go now—Stella? 

vendor: Re-e-d ho-o-ot! 

blanche: The blind are—leading the blind! 

(They disappear around the corner, Blanche’s desperate laughter 

ringing out once more. 

[Then there is a bellowing laugh from tbe interior of tbe fat. 
{Then tbe “blue piano” and tbe hot trumpet sound louder.) 


34 



Scene Three 



Tbe Poker Night. 

There is a picture of Van Gogh’s of a billiard-parlour at night. The 
kitchen now suggests that sort of lurid nocturnal brilliance, the raw 
colours of childhood’s spectrum. Over tbe yellow linoleum of the kitchen 
table hangs an electric bulb with a vivid green glass shade. Tbe poker 
players Stanley, steve, mitch and pablo —wear coloured shirts, 
solid blues, a purple, a red-and-wbite check, a light green, and they 
are men at tbe peak of their physical manhood, as coarse and direct and 
powerful as tbe primary colours. There are vivid slices of watermelon 
on tbe table, whiskey bottles and glasses. Tbe bedroom is relatively dim 
with only tbe light that spills between the porlitres and through the 
wide window on tbe street. 

For a moment there is absorbed silence as a band is dealt. 


steve: Any tiling wild this deal? 
pablo: One-eyed jacks are wild. 
steve: Give me two cards. 
pablo: You, Mitch? 
mitch: I'm out. 
pablo: One. 


mitch: Anyone want a shot? 
Stanley: Yeah. Me. 


pablo: Why don’t somebody go to the Chinaman’s 
back a load of chop suey? 



STANLEY: When I’m losing you want to eat! Ante up! Openers? 

tableT ‘ able ’ Mi,Ch ’ Nothin S belongs on a poker 

table but cards, chips and whiskey. 




[ SCENE III 

(He lurches up and tosses some watermelon rinds to the floor.) 
mitch: Kind of on your high horse, ain't you? 

Stanley: How many? 
steve: Give me three. 

Stanley: One. 

mitch: I'm out again. I oughta go home pretty soon. 

STANLEY: Shut Up. 

mitch: I gotta sick mother. She don't go to sleep until I come in 
at night. 

Stanley: Then why don't you stay home with her? 

mitch: She says to go out, so I go, but I don’t enjoy it. All the 
while I keep wondering how she is. 

STANLEY: Aw, for God’s sake, go home, then! 

pablo: What've you got? 
steve: Spade flush. 

mitch: You all are married. But I'll be alone when she goes.— 
I'm going to the bathroom. 

Stanley: Hurry back and we’ll fix you a sugar-tit. 
mitch: Aw, lay off. (He crosses through the bedroom into the bath¬ 
room.) 

STEVE (dealing a band): Seven card stud. (Telling bis joke as be 
deals.) This ole nigger is out in back of his house sittin’ down 
th'owing com to the chickens when all at once he hears a loud 
cackle and this young hen comes lickety split around the side of 
the house with the rooster right behind her and gaining on her fast. 

STANLEY (impatient with the story): Deal! 

steve- But when the rooster catches sight of the nigger th’owing 
the com he puts on the brakes and lets the hen get away and 
starts pecking com. And the old nigger says, “Lord God, I hopes 

I never gits that hongry! 

/ steve and pablo laugh. The sisters appear around the corner 

of the building.) 

36 



SCENE III2 

stella: The game is still going on. 
blanche: How do I look? 
stella: Lovely, Blanche. 

blanche: I feel so hot and frazzled. Wait till I powder before 
you open the door. Do I look done in? 

stella: Why no. You are as fresh as a daisy. 

blanche: One that's been picked a few days. 

(stella opens tbe door and they enter.) 

stella: Well, well, well. I see you boys are still at it! 

Stanley: Where you been? 

stella: Blanche and I took in a show. Blanche, this is Mr. Gon¬ 
zales and Mr. Hubbel. 


blanche: Please don’t get up. 

Stanley: Nobody’s going to get up, so don't be worried. 

stella: How much longer is this game going to continue? 

Stanley: Till we get ready to quit. 

blanche: Poker is so fascinating. Could I kibitz? 

STANLEY: You could not. Why don’t you women go up and sit 
with Eunice? 


stella: Because it is nearly two-thirty, (blanche crosses into tbe 

bedroom and partially closes tbe portihes.) Couldn’t you call it quits 
after one more hand? n 


{A chair scrapes. Stanley gives a loud whack of bis band on her 

tbigb.) 

stella {sharply): That’s not fun, Stanley. 

(TZ* men laugh, stella goes into tbe bedroom.) 

stella: It makes me so mad when he does that in front of people. 
blanche: I think I will bathe. 
stella: Again? 

blanche: My nerves are in knots. Is the bathroom occupied? 
stella: I don’t know. 


S7 



QSCENE JII 

(blanche knocks, mitch opens the door and comes out, still 

wiping bis bands on a towel .) 

blanche: Oh!—good evening. 

mitch: Hello. (He stares at ber.) 

stella: Blanche, this is Harold Mitchell. My sister, Blanche 
DuBois. 

mitch (with awkward courtesy ): How do you do, Miss DuBois. 
stella: How is your mother now, Mitch? 

mitch: About the same, thanks. She appreciated your sending 
over that custard.—Excuse me, please. 

(He crosses slowly back into the kitchen, glancing back at blanche 
and coughing a little sbyly. He realizes be still has the towel in 
bis bands and with an embarrassed laugh bands it to stella. 
blanche looks after bim with a certain interest.) 

blanche: That one seems—superior to the others. 

stella: Yes, he is. 

blanche: I thought he had a sort of sensitive look. 

stella: His mother is sick. 

blanche: Is he married? 

stella: No. 

blanche: Is he a wolf? 

stella: Why, Blanche! (blanche laughs.) I don't think he would 
be. 

blanche: What does—what does he do? 

(Sbe is unbuttoning ber blouse.) 

stella: He's on the precision bench in the spare parts depart¬ 
ment. At the plant Stanley travels for. 
blanche: Is that something much? 

stella: No. Stanley’s the only one of his crowd that’s likely to 
get anywhere. 

blanche: What makes you think Stanley will? 
stella: Look at him. 


38 


SCENE ///] 

blanche: I’ve looked at him. 
stella: Then you should know. 

blanche: I’m sorry, but I haven't noticed the stamp of genius 
even on Stanley's forehead. 

(She takes off tbe blouse and stands in ber pink silk brassiere and 
white skirt in tbe light through tbe porti'eres. Tbe game bos con¬ 
tinued in undertones .) 

stella: It isn’t on his forehead and it isn't genius. 

blanche: Oh. Well, what is it, and where? I would like to know. 

stella: It’s a drive that he has. You’re standing in the light, 
Blanche! 


blanche: Oh, am I! 

{She moves out of tbe yellow streak of light, stella has removed 
ber dress and put on a light blue satin kimono.) 

stella (withgirlish laughter ): You ought to see their wives. 

blanche ( laughingly): I can imagine. Big, beefy things, I sup¬ 
pose. r 


stella: You know that one upstairs? ( More laughter .) One time 
{laughing) the plaster— {laughing) cracked_ 

STANLEY: You hens cut out that conversation in there! 
stella: You can't hear us. 

STANLEY: Well, you can hear me and I said to hush up! 

stella: This is my house and I’ll talk as much as I want to! 
blanche: Stella, don’t start a row. 

stella: He’s half drunk!—I’ll be out in a minute. 

{She goes into tbe bathroom, blanche rises and crosses leisurely 
to a small white radio and turns it on.) 

Stanley: Awright, Mitch, you in? 

mitch: What? Oh!—No, I'm out! 


(blanche mom back ,nto tbe streak of light. Sbe raises ber arms 

, m. i StTetcba < « sbe ’«*’« indolently back to tbe cbair 
Rbumba music comes oner tbe radio, m.tch rises at tbe lable.) 



99 



[ SCENE III 


Stanley: Who turned that on in there? 

blanche: I did. Do you mind? 

Stanley: Turn it off! 

steve: Aw, let the girls have their music. 

pablo: Sure, that’s good, leave it on! 

steve: Sounds like Xavier Cugat! 

(stanley jumps up and , crossing to tbe radio, turns it off. He 
stops short at sight of blanche in the chair. She returns bis look 
without flinching. Then be sits again at tbe poker table. 
(Two of tbe men have started arguing hotly.) 

steve: I didn’t hear you name it. 

pablo: Didn’t I name it, Mitch? 

mitch: I wasn't listenin'. 

pablo: What were you doing, then? 

Stanley: He was looking through them drapes. (He jumps up and 
jerks roughly at curtains to close them.) Now deal the hand over 
again and let's play cards or quit. Some people get ants when 
they win. 

(mitch rises as Stanley returns to his seat.) 

Stanley (yelling)-. Sit down! 

mitch: I'm going to the “head”. Deal me out. 

pablo: Sure he’s got ants now. Seven five-dollar bills in his pants 

pocket folded up tight as spitballs. 

steve: Tomorrow you'll see him at the cashier’s window getting 
them changed into quarters. 

Stanley: And when he goes home he’ll deposit them one by one 
in a piggy bank his mother give him for Christmas. (Dealing.) 
This game is Spit in the Ocean. 

(mitch laughs uncomfortably and continues through tbe portibes. 

He stops just inside .) 

BLANCHE (softly): Hello! The Little Boys’ Room is busy right 
now. 

40 



SCENE in'] 

mitch: We've—been drinking beer. 

blanche: I hate beer. 

mitch: It’s—a hot weather drink. 

blanche: Oh, I don't think so; it always makes me warmer. Have 
you got any cigs? (She bas slipped on the dark red satin wrapper.) 

mitch: Sure. 

blanche: What kind are they? 
mitch: Luckies. 

blanche: Oh, good. What a pretty case. Silver? 
mitch: Yes. Yes; read the inscription. 

blanche: Oh, is there an inscription? I can't make it out. (He 
strikes a match and moves closer .) Oh! ( reading with feigned difficulty) 
“And if God choose, 

I shall but love thee better—after—death!” 

Why, that’s from my favourite sonnet by Mrs. Browning! 
mitch: You know it? 

blanche: Certainly I do! 

mitch: There's a story connected with that inscription. 
blanche: It sounds like a romance. 
mitch: A pretty sad one. 
blanche: Oh? 


mitch: The girl’s dead now. 

blanche (in a tone of deep sympathy ): Obi 

mitch: She knew she was dying when she give me this. A very 
\ strange girl, very sweet—very! J 


blanche: She must have been fond of you. Sick 
deep, sincere attachments. 


people have such 


mitch: That’s right, they certainly do. 
blanche: Sorrow makes for sincerity, I think. 
mitch: It sure brings it out in people. 


blanche: The little there is belongs to people who 
enced some sorrow. 


experi- 


41 



c SCENE III 


mitch: I believe you are right about that. 

blanche: I'm positive that I am. Show me a person who hasn't 

known any sorrow and I'll show you a shuperficial-Listen to 

me! My tongue is a little—thick! You boys are responsible for 
it. The show let out at eleven and we couldn’t come home on 
account of the poker game so we had to go somewhere and drink. 
I’m not accustomed to having more than one drink. Two is the 
limit—and tbree\ (She laughs.) Tonight I had three. 

Stanley: Mitch! 

mitch: Deal me out. I’m talking to Miss- 

blanche: DuBois. 
mitch: Miss DuBois? 

blanche: It’s a French name. It means woods and Blanche means 
white, so the two together mean white woods. Like an orchard 
in spring! You can remember it by that. 

mitch: You're French? 

blanche: We are French by extraction. Our first American ances¬ 
tors were French Huguenots. 

mitch: You are Stella’s sister, are you not? 

blanche: Yes, Stella is my precious little sister. I call her little 
in spite of the fact she’s somewhat older than I. Just slightly. 
Less than a year. Will you do something for me? 

mitch: Sure. What? 

blanche: I bought this adorable little coloured paper lantern at 
a Chinese shop on Bourbon. Put it over the light bulb! Will you, 

please? 

mitch: Be glad to. 

blanche: I can't stand a naked light bulb, any more than I can 
a rude remark or a vulgar action. 

mitch (adjusting the lantern): I guess we strike you as being a 
pretty rough bunch. 

blanche: I’m very adaptable—to circumstances. 

42 



SCENE ///] 

mitch: Well, that’s a good thing to be. You are visiting Stanley 
and Stella? 


blanche: Stella hasn't been so well lately, and I came down to 
help her for a while. She's very run down. 

mitch: You're not-? 

blanche: Married? No, no. I'm an old maid schoolteacher! 
mitch: You may teach school but you're certainly not an old maid. 
blanche: Thank you, sir! I appreciate your gallantry! 
mitch: So you are in the teaching profession? 
blanche: Yes. Ah, yes . . . 

mitch: Grade school or high school or- 

Stanley ( bellowing ): Mitcb! 
mitch: Coiningl 

blanche: Gracious, what lung-power! ... I teach high school. 
In Laurel. 

mitch: What do you teach? What subject? 
blanche: Guess! 


mitch: I bet you teach art or music? (blanche laughs delicately .) 
Of course I could be wrong. You might teach arithmetic. 

blanche: Never arithmetic, sir; never arithmetic! {with a laugh) 
I don't even know my multiplication tables! No, I have the mis- 

° f being an En S lish instructor. I attempt to instil a bunch 
ot bobby-soxers and drug-store Romeos with reverence for Haw¬ 
thorne and Whitman and Poe! 

things 1 1 gUCSS 11131 S ° me 1116111 arC m ° re interested in ot her 

blanche: How very right you are! Their literary heritage is not 
what most of them treasure above all else! But thev'fe 

Srst? m ^ n™ 6 ’ U ’ S ‘ 0UChing ,0 notice them maki "g 

^tt Very ° fl ° VC! AS ifnobod y h * d ^er known 1, before^ 
(TU bathroom door opens and stella comes out. blanche con- 

u tinues talking to mitch.) 

Oh! Have you finished? Wait-I’U turn on the radio. 


43 



[ SCENE III 

(She turns the knobs on the radio and it begins to play “Wien, 
Wien, nur du allein.” blanche waltzes to the music with 
romantic gestures, mitch is delighted and moves in awkward 

imitation like a dancing bear. 

(stanley stalks fiercely through the portibes into the bedroom. 
He crosses to the small white radio and snatches it off the table. 
With a shouted oath, be tosses the instrument out the window .) 

stella: Drunk — drunk—animal thing, you! (She rushes through to 
the poker table.) All of you—please go home! If any of you have 

one spark of decency in you- 

blanche (wildly): Stella, watch out, he’s- 

(stanley charges after stella.) 

men (feebly): Take it easy, Stanley. Easy, fellow.—Let’s all- 

stella: You lay your hands on me and I’ll- 

(She backs out of sight. He advances and disappears. There is the 
sound of a blow, stella cries out. blanche screams and runs 
into the kitchen. The men rush forward and there is grappling 
and cursing. Something is overturned with a crash.) 

blanche (shrilly): My sister is going to have a baby! 

mitch: This is terrible. 

blanche: Lunacy, absolute lunacy! 

mitch: Get him in here, men. 

(STANLEY is forced, pinioned by the two men, into the bedroom. 
He nearly throws them off. Then all at once be subsides and is 

limp in their grasp. 

(They speak quietly and lovingly to him and be leans bis face on 

one of their shoulders .) 

stella (in a high, unnatural voice, out of sight): I want to go away, 

I want to go away! 

mitch: Poker shouldn’t be played in a house with women. 

(blanche rushes into the bedroom.) 
blanche: I want my sister’s clothes! We’ll go to that woman’s 
upstairs! 


44 



SCENE ///] 

mitch: Where is the clothes? 

blanche (opening the closet ): I’ve got them! {She rushes through 
to stella.) Stella, Stella, precious! Dear, dear little sister, don’t 
be afraid! 

[With her arms around stella, blanche guides her to the out¬ 
side doors and upstairs.) 

Stanley {dully)-. What’s the matter; what’s happened? 

mitch: You just blew your top, Stan. 

pablo: He’s okay, now. 

steve: Sure, my boy’s okay! 

mitch: Put him on the bed and get a wet towel. 

pablo: I think coffee would do him a world of good, now. 

Stanley (thickly): I want water. 
mitch: Put him under the shower! 

(The men talk quietly as they lead him to the bathroom.) 
Stanley: Let go of me, you sons of bitches! 

(Sounds of blows are beard. The water goes on full tilt.) 
steve: Let’s get quick out of here! 

(They rush to the poker table and sweep up their winnings on 

their way out.) 

mitch (sadly but firmly): Poker should not be played in a house 
with women. 


(The door closes on them and the place is still. The Negro enter¬ 
tainers in the bar around the corner play “Paper Doll ” slow and 
blue. After a moment Stanley comes out of the bathroom dripping 
water and still in bis clinging wet polka dot drawers.) 

Stanley: Stella! (There is a pause.) My baby doll’s left me! 

(He breaks into sobs. Then be goes to the phone and dials, still 

shuddering with sobs.) 

unice? I want my baby! (He waits a moment; then be bangs up and 

™ keep 0n I talk with my baby! 

{An tndtst,ngutsbable shrill voice is beard. He burls phone to 


[ SCENE III 

floor. Dissonant brass and piano sounds as tbe rooms dim out to 
darkness and tbe outer walls appear in tbe night light. Tbe “blue 

piano ” plays for a brief interval. 

(Finally , Stanley stumbles balf-dressed out to tbe porch and 
down tbe wooden steps to tbe pavement before tbe building. There 
be throws back bis bead like a baying bound and bellows bis wife’s 
name: “ Stella! Stella, sweetheart! Stella!”) 

Stanley: Stell -labbbbbl 

Eunice (calling down from tbe door of her upper apartment ): Quit 
that howling out there an' go back to bed! 

Stanley: I want my baby down here. Stella, Stella! 

Eunice: She ain’t coinin' down so you quit! Or you'll git th' law 
on you! 

Stanley: Stella! 

Eunice: You can't beat on a woman an’ then call 'er back! She 
won't come! And her goin’t’ have a baby! . . . You stinker! You 
whelp of a Polack, you! I hope they do haul you in and turn the 
fire hose on you, same as the last time! 

Stanley [humbly): Eunice, I want my girl to come down with me! 
Eunice: Hah! (She slams ber door.) 

Stanley [with beaven-splitting violence ): STELL - LAHHHIIHH ! 

(Tbe low-tone clarinet moans. Tbe door upstairs opens again. 
stella slips down tbe rickety stairs in ber robe. Her eyes are 
glistening with tears and ber bair loose about ber throat and 
shoulders. They stare at each other. Then they come together with 
low, animal moans. He falls to bis knees on tbe steps and presses 
bis face to ber belly, curving a little with maternity. Her eyes go 
blind with tenderness as sbe catches bis bead and raises him level 
with ber. He snatches tbe screen door open and lifts ber off ber 
feet and bears ber into tbe dark flat. 

(blanche comes out on tbe upper landing in ber robe and slips 

fearfully down tbe steps.) 

blanche: Where is my little sister? Stella? Stella? 

4 6 



SCENE ///] 

{She stops before tbe dark entrance of ber sister’s fat. Then 
catches ber breatb as if struck. Sbe rushes down to tbe walk before 
tbe bouse. Sbe looks right and left as if for a sanctuary. 

(Tbe music fades away, mitch appears from around tbe corner.) 

mitch: Miss DuBois? 

blanche: Oh! 

mitch: All quiet on the Potomac now? 

blanche: She ran downstairs and went back in there with him. 

mitch: Sure she did. 

blanche: I'm terrified! 

mitch: Ho-ho! There's nothing to be scared of. They're crazy 
about each other. 

blanche: I’m not used to such- 

mitch: Naw, it s a shame this had to happen when you just got 
here. But don't take it serious. 

blanche: Violence! Is so- 

mitch: Set down on the steps and have a cigarette with me. 
blanche: I'm not properly dressed. 

mitch: That don't make no difference in the Quarter. 

blanche: Such a pretty silver case. 

mitch: I showed you the inscription, didn't I? 

blanche: Yes. ( During tbe pause, sbe looks up at tbe sky.) There’s 

S ,° ™ UCh ~: S0 much confusion in ^e world ... (He cougbs diffi¬ 
dently.) Thank you for being so kind! I need kindness now. 


47 



Scene Four 


«|» >|l «|» >|< »1« >|i «|» >|< »ji >|« >j< rji »|< >|i«|< ^ »|l »|< l|< t|t 


It is early the following morning. There is a confusion of street cries 
like a choral chant. 

stella is lying down in the bedroom. Her face is serene in the early 
morning sunlight. One band rests on her belly , rounding slightly with 
new maternity. From the other dangles a book of coloured comics. Her 
eyes and lips have that almost narcotized tranquillity that is in the 
faces of Eastern idols. 

The table is sloppy with remains of breakfast and the debris of the 
preceding night , and Stanley's gaudy pyjamas lie across the thres¬ 
hold of the bathroom. The outside door is slightly ajar on a sky of 
summer brilliance. 

blanche appears at this door. She has spent a sleepless night and 
her appearance entirely contrasts with stella’s. She presses her 
knuckles nervously to her lips as she looks through the door , before 
entering. 

blanche: Stella? 

stella {stirring lazily): Hmmh? 

(blanche utters a moaning cry and runs into the bedroom , 
throwing herself down beside stella in a rush of hysterical 

tenderness .) 

blanche: Baby, my baby sister! 

stella (drawing away from her): Blanche, what is the matter 
with you? 

(blanche straightens up slowly and stands beside the bed look¬ 
ing down at her sister with knuckles pressed to her lips.) 


SCENE IVI 

blanche: He’s left? 

stella: Stan? Yes. 

blanche: Will he be back? 

stella: He’s gone to get the car greased. Why? 

blanche: Why! I’ve been half crazy, Stella! When I found out 
you’d been insane enough to come back in here after what hap¬ 
pened—I started to rush in after you! 

stella: I'm glad you didn’t. 

blanche: What were you thinking of? (stella makes an indefinite 
gesture.) Answer me! What? What? 

stella: Please, Blanche! Sit down and stop yelling. 

blanche: All right, Stella. I will repeat the question quietly now. 
How could you come back in this place last night? Why, you must 
have slept with him! 

(stella gets up in a calm and leisurely way.) 

stella: Blanche, I’d forgotten how excitable you are. You're 
making much too much fuss about this. 
blanche: Am I? 

stella: Yes, you are, Blanche. I know how it must have seemed 
to you and I’m awful sorry it had to happen, but it wasn’t any¬ 
thing as serious as you seem to take it. In the first place, when 
men are drinking and playing poker anything can happen. It’s 
always a powder-keg. He didn’t know what he was doing. 

He was as good as a lamb when I came back and he’s really verv 
very ashamed of himself. J 

blanche: And that—that makes it all right? 

stella: No, it isn’t all right for anybody to make such a terrible 
row, but people do sometimes. Stanley’s always smashed things 
Why, on our wedding night-soon as we came in here-he snatched 

light-bulbs 'with it. PerS ^ ab ° Ut ^ "»*>*« «he 

blanche: He did— 

;“r ashed aU the light ' bulbs with the heel of my slipperi 


l 


D 


49 


I SCENE IF 


blanche: And you —you let him? Didn’t run , didn’t scream ? 


stella: I was—sort of—thrilled by it. (She waits for a moment.) 
Eunice and you had breakfast? 

blanche: Do you suppose I wanted any breakfast? 
stella: There’s some coffee left on the stove. 
blanche: You’re so—matter of fact about it, Stella. 

stella: What other can I be? He’s taken the radio to get it fixed. 
It didn’t land on the pavement so only one tube was smashed. 

blanche: And you are standing there smiling! 

stella: What do you want me to do? 

blanche: Pull yourself together and face the facts. 

stella: What are they, in your opinion? 

blanche: In my opinion? You’re married to a madman! 

stella: No! 

blanche: Yes, you are, your fix is worse than mine is! Only you’re 
not being sensible about it. I’m going to do something. Get hold 
of myself and make myself a new life! 


stella: Yes? 


blanche: But you've given in. And that isn’t right, you're not 
old! You cah get out. 

STELLA {slowly, and emphatically ): I'm not in anything I want to 
get out of. 

blanche ( incredulously ): What—Stella? 

stella: I said I am not in anything that I have a desire to get 
out of. Look at the mess in this room! And those empty bottles! 
They went through two cases last night! He promised this morning 
that he was going to quit having these poker parties, but you 
know how long such a promise is going to keep. Oh, well, it's his 
pleasure, like mine is movies and bridge. People have got to 
tolerate each other’s habits, I guess. 

blanche: I don't understand you. (stella turns toward her.) I 
don’t understand your indifference. Is this a Chinese philosophy 


you've-vcultivated? 




V3 


i 


60 



SCENE IV 2 

stella: Is what — what? 

blanche: This—shuffling about and mumbling—“One tube 
smashed—beer-bottles—mess in the kitchen”—as if nothing out 
of the ordinary has happened! (stella laughs uncertainly and pick¬ 
ing up the broom, twirls it in her bands .) 

blanche: Are you deliberately shaking that thing in my face? 
stella: No. 

blanche: Stop it. Let go of that broom. I won't have you cleaning 
up for him! & 

stella: Then who’s going to do it? Are you? 
blanche: I? I! 

stella: No, I didn’t think so. 

“ ° h ’ let ™ if on] y m y mind would functionl 

We ve got to get hold of some money, that’s the way out! 

stella: I guess that money is always nice to get hold of. 

blanche: Listen to me. I have an idea of some kind. ( Shakily ,be 
« a ^ e,U ln '° * bolder. ) Do you remember Shep Hum- 

S ft?" “ btad ) ° f “ UrSe remember Ship 

f lle Well— ° Ut Wl him “ COl ‘ Cge and WOre his P in for 
STELLA: Well? 

during”the^ChrLttnas^hol/days'? 10 ^ Y ° U ^ 1 WCnt Miami 
stella: No. 

1'^ meet someone 
stella: Did you? 

2 h,S — have been a blockC? 

tella: I should think it would have been-inconvenient in traffi I 
Blanche: You've heard of oil-wells? ^ 


I 


c SCENE IV 


stella: Yes—remotely. 

blanche: He has them, all over Texas. Texas is literally spouting 
gold in his pockets. 

stella: My, my. 

blanche: Y'know how indifferent I am to money. I think of money 
in terms of what it does for you. But he could do it, he could 
certainly do it! 

stella: Do what, Blanche? 
blanche: Why—set us up in a—shop! 
stella: What kind of a shop? 

blanche: Oh, a—shop of some kind! He could do it with half 
what his wife throws away at the races. 
stella: He's married? 

blanche: Honey, would I be here if the man weren't married? 
(stella laughs a little, blanche suddenly springs up and crosses to 
pbone. Sbe speaks shrilly.) How do I get Western Union?—Operator! 
Western Union! 

stella: That’s a dial phone, honey. 

blanche: I can’t dial, I'm too- 

stella: Just dial O. 
blanche: O? 

stella: Yes, “O” for Operator! (blanche considers a moment; 
then sbe puts tbe pbone down.) 

blanche: Give me a pencil. Where is a slip of paper? I've got fo 

write it down first—the message, I mean . . . 

(Sbe goes to tbe dressing-table , and grabs up a sheet of Kleenex 
and an eyebrow pencil for writing equipment.) 

Let me see now . . . (Sbe bites tbe pencil.) "Darling Shep. Sister 
and I in desperate situation.” 
stella: I beg your pardon! 

blanche: “Sister and I in desperate situation. Will explain details 

later Would you be interested in-?” ( Sbe bites tbe pencil again.) 

"Would you be—interested-in . . (Sbe smashes tbe penal 

52 



SCENE IV ] 

on the table and springs up.) You never get anywhere with direct 
appeals! 

stella ( with a laugb ): Don’t be so ridiculous, darling! 

blanche: But I’ll think of something, I’ve got to think of— some- 

thing! Don’t, don’t laugh at me, Stella! Please, please don't—I— 

I want you to look at the contents of my purse! Here’s what's in 

it! (She snatches her purse open.) Sixty-five measly cents in coin of 
the realm! 


stella ( crossing to bureau ): Stanley doesn’t give me a regular 
allowance, he likes to pay bills himself, but-this morning he 

gave me ten dollars to smooth things over. You take five of it 
Blanche, and I’ll keep the rest. 

blanche: Oh, no. No, Stella. 

STELLA (insisting ): I know how it helps your morale just having a 
little pocket-money on you. 6 

blanche: No, thank you—I’ll take to the streets! 

stella: Talk sense! How did you happen to get so low on funds? 

blanche: Money just goes—it goes places. (Sbe rubs ber forebead ) 
Sometime today I've got to get hold of a bromo! ' 

stella: I’ll fix you one now. 

blanche: Not yet—I’ve got to keep thinking! 

stella: I wish you’d just let things go, at least for a—while 

But N ho E: Ste !! a ; 1 Can \ live With him! You ca "’ he’s your husband 
But how could I stay here with him, after last night, with iusi 
those curtains between us? J 

stella: Blanche, you saw him at his worst last night. 

blanche: On the contrary, I saw him at his best! What such * 

r orXit; k? rr ul -- 

to bed with him, And thlfs /our joHtt Xt " ^ 
stella: After you've rested a little, you'll see it's . 

: o . K 


c SCENE IV 

blanche: I have to plan for us both, to get us both—out! 

stella: You take it for granted that I am in something that I 
want to get out of. 

blanche: I take it for granted that you still have sufficient memory 
of Belle Reve to find this place and these poker players impossible 
to live with. 

stella: Well, you're taking entirely too much for granted. 
blanche: I can’t believe you’re in earnest. 
stella: No? 

blanche: I understand how it happened—a little. You saw him 
in uniform, an officer, not here but- 

stella: I'm not sure it would have made any difference where 
I saw him. 

blanche: Now don’t say it was one of those mysterious electric 
things between people! If you do I’ll laugh in your face. 

stella: I am not going to say anything more at all about it! 

blanche: All right, then, don’t! 

stella: But there are things that happen between a man and a 
woman in the dark—that sort of make everything else seem— 
unimportant. (Pause.) 

blanche: What you are talking about is brutal desire—just 
Desire!—the name of that rattle-trap street-car that bangs through 
the Quarter, up one old narrow street and down another . . . 

stella: Haven't you ever ridden on that street-car? 

blanche: It brought me here.—Where I'in not wanted and where 

I'm ashamed to be . . . 

stella: Then don’t you think your superior attitude is a bit out 
of place? 

blanche: I am not being or feeling at all superior, Stella. Believe 
me I'm not! It's just this. This is how I look at it. A man li e 
that is someone to go out with-once-twice-three times when 
the devil is in you. But live with? Have a child by? 

64 



SCENE IV'] 

stella: I have told you I love him. 

blanche: Then I tremble for you! I just— tremble for you. . 

stella: I can’t help your trembling if you insist on trembling! 

(There is a pause.) 
blanche: May I—speak— plainly ? 
stella: Yes, do. Go ahead. As plainly as you want to. 

( Outside , a train approaches. They are silent till tbe noise sub¬ 
sides. They are both in tbe bedroom. 

{Under cover of tbe train’s noise Stanley enters from outside. 
He stands unseen by tbe women , bolding some packages in bis 
arms, and overbears tbeir following conversation. He wears an 
undershirt and grease-stained seersucker pants.) 

blanche: Well—if you’ll forgive me—he's common ! 
stella: Why, yes, I suppose he is. 

blanche: Suppose! You can’t have forgotten that much of our 
bringing up, Stella, that you just suppose that any part of a gentle¬ 
man s m his nature! Not one particle , no! Oh, if he was just— 
ordinary!. Just plain— but good and wholesome, but— no There's 

something downright-^,/*/_ a bout him! You're hating me sav¬ 
ing this, aren't you? 6 y 

stella {coldly): Go on and say it all, Blanche. 

blanche: He acts like an animal, has an animal's habits! Eats like 

suMiZr l,k * T' ‘ alkS ° ne! Tbere ' S even s °™thing- 

7* 0methmg " 0t quite t0 the sta g e °f humanity yet! 
Yes, something—-ape-1,ke about him, like one of those pictures 

I ve seen m-anthropological studies! Thousands and thousands 
Kowalski pa ssed him right by, and there he is-^,a„ley 

from he wnTr oft e l r; age! Bearing ti,e raw ^ 

Mavbe h . 0 JUngIe! ^ y0U -^ h awaiting for him- 

Xn C SIS r “ 

55 


c SCENE IV 


at something—the fight is on! God! Maybe we are a long way 
from being made in God’s image, but Stella—my sister—there 
has been some progress since then! Such things as art—as poetry 
and music—such kinds of new light have come into the world 
since then! In some kinds of people some tenderer feelings have 
had some little beginning! That we have got to make grow\ And 
cling to, and hold as our flag! In this dark march toward whatever 
it is we're approaching. . . . Don’t — don’t bang back with tbe 
brutes! 

(Another train passes outside. Stanley hesitates, licking bis lips. 
Then suddenly be turns stealthily about and withdraws through 
front door. Tbe women are still unaware of bis presence. When 
tbe train bas passed be calls through tbe closed front door.) 

Stanley: Hey! Hey, Stella! 

stella (who bas listened gravely to blanche): Stanley! 
blanche: Stell, I- 

(But stella has gone to tbe front door. Stanley enters casually 

with bis packages.) 


Stanley: Hiyuh, Stella. Blanche back? 
stella: Yes, she's back. 

Stanley: Hiyuh, Blanche. [He grins at her.) 
stella: You must've got under the car. 

STANLEY: Them dam mechanics at Fritz’s don’t know their can 
from third base! 

(stella bas embraced him with both arms, fiercely, and full in 
tbe view of blanche. He laughs and clasps her bead to bim. ver 
her bead be grins through tbe curtains at blanche.) 

(As tbe lights fade away, with a lingering brightness on eir 
embrace, tbe music of tbe "blue piano ” and trumpet and drum 

is beard .) 


56 



jfeifr <b<b <b <f> <b «!»«i» <b <b «f> <f> cfe d» <fr <f> tjxfxfrcfrffxfrcfrtfrcfwjwfxfr <fr 


Scene Five 



blanche is seated in tbe bedroom fanning berself witb a palm leaf 
as sbe reads over a just completed letter. Suddenly sbe bursts into a 
peal of laughter, stella is dressing in tbe bedroom. 


stella: What are you laughing at, honey? 

blanche: Myself, myself, for being such a liar! I'm writing a letter 

to Shep. {Sbe picks up tbe letter.) “Darling Shep. I am spending 

the summer on the wing, making flying visits here and there. 

And who knows, perhaps I shall take a sudden notion to swoop 

down on Dallas'. How would you feel about that? Ha-haf {Sbe 

laughs nervously and brightly, touching her throat as if actually talking 

to shep.) Forewarned is forearmed, as they say!’*—How does that 
sound? 


stella: Uh-huh . . . 

blanche ( going on nervously): “Most of my sister's friends go 

north in the summer but some have homes on the Gulf and there 

has been a continued round of entertainments, teas, cocktails, and 
luncheons-*’ ’ 


( A disturbance is beard upstairs at tbe hubbel’s apartment ) 

“• i ~ y E ”—»>• »■•»<— 


(EUNICE'S voice shouts in terrible wrath.) 
Eunice: I heard about you and that blonde! 

steve: That's a damn lie! 


if"vouM J°7 in ’' PUll [ ng the W00 ‘ over m y eyes' • wouldn’t mind 
>f you.d stay down at the Four Deuces, but you always going up. 

67 



I SCENE V 


steve: Who ever seen me up? 

Eunice: I seen you chasing her 'round the balcony —I'm gonna 
call the vice squad! 


steve: Don't you throw that at me! 

Eunice ( shrieking ): You hit me! I’m gonna call the police! 

{A clatter of aluminium striking a wall is beard, followed by a 
man s angry roar, shouts and overturned furniture. There is a 

crash; then a relative bush .) 

blanche {brightly): Did he kill her? 

(eunice appears on the steps in daemonic disorder.) 

stella: No! She’s coming downstairs. 

eunice: Call the police, I’m going to call the police! {She rushes 
around the corner.) 

stella {returning from the door): Some of your sister's friends 
have stayed in the city. 

(They laugh lightly. Stanley comes around the corner in bis 
green and scarlet silk bowling shirt. He trots up the steps and 
bangs into the kitchen, blanche registers bis entrance with 

nervous gestures.) 

STANLEY: What's a matter with Eun-uss? 

stella: She and Steve had a row. Has she got the police? 


Stanley: Naw. She’s gettin’ a drink. 

stella: That’s much more practical! 

( steve comes down nursing a bruise on bis forehead and looks 

in the door.) 

steve: She here? 


Stanley: Naw, naw. At the Four Deuces. 

steve: That hunk! {He looks around the corner a bit timidly, then 
turns with affected boldness and runs after her.) 

blanche: I must jot that down in my notebook. Ha-ha! I'm com¬ 
piling a notebook of quaint little words and phrases I’ve picked 

up here. 


58 



SCENE V'] 

STANLEY: You won't pick up nothing here you ain't heard before. 

blanche: Can I count on that? 

STANLEY: You can count on it up to five hundred. 

blanche: That’s a mighty high number. (He jerks open tbe bureau 
drawer, slams it sbut and throws shoes in a corner. At each noise 
blanche winces slightly. Finally she speaks.) What sign were you 
bom under? 


Stanley (while be is dressing ): Sign? 

blanche: Astrological sign. I bet you were born under Aries. 
Aries people are forceful and dynamic. They dote on noise! They 
love to bang things around! You must have had lots of banging 
around in the army and now that you're out, you make up for it 
by treating inanimate objects with such a fury! 

(STELLA has been going in and out of closet during this scene. 
Now she pops her bead out of tbe closet.) 

stella: Stanley was bom just five minutes after Christmas. 
blanche: Capricorn—the Goat! 


Stanley: What sign were you born under? 

blanche: Oh, my birthday's next month, the fifteenth of Septem¬ 
ber; that's under Virgo. F 

STANLEY: What's Virgo? 

blanche: Virgo is the Virgin. 

STANLEY (contemptuously): Hob! (He advances a little as be knots bis 
tie.) bay, do you happen to know somebody named Shaw? 

(Her face expresses a faint shock. She reaches far tbe cologne 
bottle and dampens ber handkerchief as she answers carefullyA 

BLANCHE: Why, everybody knows somebody named Shaw! 

STANLEY: Well, this somebody named Shaw is under the impres 

mixedt met th° U L l Urd ' bUt 1 figUre he must have g°t y°u 
mixed up with some other party because this other party is some¬ 
one he met at a hotel called the Flamingo. P y 

(blanche laughs breatbUssly as she touches tbe cologne-dampened 

handkerchief to ber temples .) r 

59 



c SCENE V 

blanche: I’m afraid he does have me mixed up with this "other 
party". The Hotel Flamingo is not the sort of establishment I 
would dare to be seen in! 

Stanley: You know of it? 

blanche: Yes, I've seen it and smelled it. 

Stanley: You must've got pretty close if you could smell it. 

blanche: The odour of cheap perfume is penetrating. 

Stanley: That stuff you use is expensive? 

blanche: Twenty-five dollars an ounce! I'm nearly out. That’s just 
a hint if you want to remember my birthday! (She speaks lightly 
but her voice has a note of fear .) 

Stanley: Shaw must've got you mixed up. He goes in and out of 
Laurel all the time, so he can check on it and clear up any mistake. 

(He turns away and crosses to the portieres, blanche closes her 
eyes as if faint. Her band trembles as she lifts the handkerchief 

again to her forehead. 

(steve and Eunice come around corner, steve’s arm is around 
Eunice’s shoulder and she is sobbing luxuriously and be is cooing 
love-words. There is a murmur of thunder as they go slowly 
upstairs in a tight embrace.) 

Stanley (to stella): I’ll wait for you at the Four Deuces! 
stella: Hey! Don't I rate one kiss? 

Stanley: Not in front of your sister. 

(He goes out. blanche rises from her chair. She seems faint; 
looks about her with an expression of almost panic.) 

blanche: Stella! What have you heard about me? 
stella: Huh? 

blanche: What have people been telling you about me? 
stella: Telling? 

blanche: You haven't heard any—unkind—gossip about me? 

stella: Why, no, Blanche, of course not! 

blanche: Honey, there was—a good deal of talk in Laurel. 

60 



SCENE V"] 


stella: About you, Blanche? 


blanche: I wasn’t so good the last two years or so, after Belle 
Reve had started to slip through my fingers. 

stella: All of us do things we- 


blanche: I never was hard or self-sufficient enough. When people 
are soft—soft people have got to court the favour of hard ones, 
Stella. Have got to be seductive—put on soft colours, the colours 
of butterfly wings, and glow—make a little—temporary magic 
just in order to pay for—one night's shelter! That's why I've been 
—not so awf'ly good lately. I've run for protection, Stella, from 
under one leaky roof to another leaky roof—because it was storm 
—all storm, and I was—caught in the centre. . . . People don't 
see you men don’t—don’t even admit your existence unless they 
are making love to you. And you’ve got to have your existence 
admitted by someone, if you're going to have someone’s protec¬ 
tion. And so the soft people have got to—shimmer and glow- 
put a-paper lantern over the light. . . . But I'm scared now 
—awf ly scared. I don’t know how much longer I can turn the 

trick. It isn’t enough to be soft. You’ve got to be soft and attrac¬ 
tive. And I—I'm fading now! 

(Tbe afternoon bos faded to dusk, stella goes into tbe bedroom 

and turns on tbe light under tbe paper lantern. She bolds a bottled 

soft drink in her band.) 

Have you been listening to me? 


stella: I don’t listen to you when 
advances with tbe bottled coke.) 


you are being morbid! (Sbe 


blanche (with abrupt change to gaiety): Is that coke for me? 
stella: Not for anyone else! 


blanche: Why, you precious thing, you! Is it just coke? 
stella ( turning ): You mean you want a shot in it! 

blanche: Well, honey, a shot never does a coke any harm! Let 
me! You mustn't wait on me! * 

STELLA. I like to wait on you, Blanche. It makes it seem more 

61 


[ SCENE V 

like home. {She goes into the kitchen, finds a glass and pours a shot 
of whiskey into it.) 

blanche: I have to admit I love to be waited on . . . 

(She rushes into the bedroom, stella goes to her with the glass. 
blanche suddenly clutches stella’s free hand with a moaning 
sound and presses the band to her lips, stella is embarrassed by 
her show of emotion, blanche speaks in a choked voice.) 

You’re—you’re —so good to me! And I- 

stella: Blanche. 

blanche: I know, I won't! You hate me to talk sentimental. But 
honey, believe I feel things more than I tell you! I won’t stay long! 

I won't, I promise I- 

stella: Blanche! 

blanche ( hysterically ): I won't, I promise, I’ll go! Go soon\ I will 
really ! I won’t hang around until he—throws me out . . . 

stella: Now will you stop talking foolish? 

blanche: Yes, honey. Watch how you pour—that fizzy stuff 

foams over! 

(blanche laughs shrilly and grabs the glass, but her band shakes 
so it almost slips from her grasp, stella pours the coke into the 
glass. It foams over and spills, blanche gives a piercing cry.) 

stella (shocked by the cry): Heavens! 

blanche: Right on my pretty white skirt! 

stella: Oh . . . Use my hanky. Blot gently. 

blanche {slowly recovering): I know—gently—gently . . . 

stella: Did it stain? 

blanche: Not a bit. Ha-ha! Isn’t that lucky? [She sits down shakily, 
taking a grateful drink. She bolds the glass in both hands and continues 

to laugh a little.) 

stella: Why did you scream like that? 

blanche: I don’t know why I screamed! {Continuing nervously ) 
Mitch—Mitch is coming at seven. I guess I am just feeling ner¬ 
vous about our relations. ( She begins to talk rapidly and breathlessly .) 

62 


SCENE V'j 

He hasn’t gotten a thing but a goodnight kiss, that’s all I have 
given him, Stella. I want his respect. And men don’t want any¬ 
thing they get too easy. But on the other hand men lose interest 
quickly. Especially when the girl is over—thirty. They think a 
girl over thirty ought to—the vulgar term is—“put out.’’ . . . 
And I—I’m not “putting out.’’ Of course he—he doesn't know 
—I mean I haven't informed him—of my real age! 
stella: Why are you sensitive about your age? 

blanche: Because of hard knocks my vanity’s been given. What I 
mean is—he thinks I’m sort of—prim and proper, you know! {She 
laughs out sharply.) I want to deceive him enough to make him— 
want me . . . 

stella: Blanche, do you want him ? 

blanche: I want to rest\ I want to breathe quietly again! Yes—I 

want Mitch ... very badly\ Just think! If it happens! I can leave 
here and not be anyone’s problem . . 

(Stanley comes around the corner with a drink under bis belt.) 
STANLEY {bawling): Hey, Steve! Hey, Eunice! Hey, Stella! 

(There are joyous calls from above. Trumpet and drums are beard 

from around the corner .) 

STELLA {kissing blanche impulsively): It will happen! 
blanche {doubtfully): It will? 


stella: It Willi {She goes across into the kitchen , looking back at 

driTw H rH 11 Will ', h , 0ney ’ ? wiU - • • • But don't take another 
drink. {Her voice catches as sbe goes out the door to meet her husband.) 

(Blanche sinks faintly back in her chair witb bar drink. Eunice 
shrieks with laughter and runs down the steps, steve bounds 
after her with goat-like screeches and chases her around corner. 

STANLEY and STELLA twine arms as they follow , laughing ) 
{Dusk settles deeper. The musicfromthe Four Deuces isslowindllue ) 
blanche: Ah, me, ah, me, ah, me . . . ' 

{Her eyes fall shut and the palm leaf fan drops from her fingers 
She slaps her band on the chair arm a couple of times’ then sbe 

^Tbfe l IZu r ber}U r “ nd PkkS Uf ‘ be bmd mirr °r- 

There is a little glimmer of lightning about the building 
( he negro WOMAN, cackling hysterically. swaying drunkenly. 

63 


[ SCENE V 

comes around tbe corner from tbe Four Deuces. At the same time, 
a young man enters from tbe opposite direction. Tbe negro 
woman snaps her fingers before bis belt.) 
negro woman: Hey! Sugar! 

(Sbe says something indistinguishable. Tbe young man shakes 
bis bead violently and edges hastily up the steps. He rings tbe 
bell, blanche puts down tbe mirror. Tbe negro woman bos 

•wandered down tbe street.) 

blanche: Come in. 

(Tbe young man appears through the portibes. Sbe regards him 

with interest.) 

blanche: Well, well! What can I do fo r you? 
young man: I'm collecting for Tbe Evening Star. 
blanche: I didn't know that stars took up collections. 
young man: It’s the paper. 

blanche: I know, I was joking—feebly! Will you—have a drink? 
young man: No, ma’am. No, thank you. I can't drink on the job. 
blanche: Oh, well, now, let's see. . . . No, I don't have a dime! 
I’m not the lady of the house. I'm her sister from Mississippi. 
I'm one of those poor relations you’ve heard about. 
young man: That's all right. I’ll drop by later. (He starts to go 
out. Sbe approaches a little.) 

blanche: Hey! (He turns back sbyly. Sbe puts a cigarette in a long 
bolder.) Could you give me a light? (Sbe crosses toward him. They 
meet at tbe door between tbe two rooms.) 

young man: Sure. (He takes out a lighter.) This doesn’t always work. 
blanche: It's temperamental? (It flares.) All! Thank you. 

YOUNG man: Thank you\ (He starts away again.) 
blanche: Hey! (He turns again, still more uncertainly. Sbe goes 
close to bim.) What time is it? 
young man: Fifteen of seven. 

blanche: So late? Don't you just love these long rainy afternoons 
in New Orleans when an hour isn't just an hour—but a little bit 
of Eternity dropped in your hands—and who knows what to do 

with it? 


64 



SCENE V'y 


young man: Yes, ma’am. 

(In the ensuing pause , the "blue piano ” is heard. It continues 
through the rest of this scene and the opening of the next. The 
young man clears bis throat and looks glancingly at the door .) 
blanche: You—uh—didn’t get wet in the shower? 
young man: No, ma’am. I stepped inside. 
blanche: In a drug-store? And had a soda? 
young man: Uhhuh. 
blanche: Chocolate? 


young man: No, ma'am. Cherry. 
blanche: Mmmm! 
young man: A cherry soda! 
blanche: You make my mouth water. 
young man: Well, I’d better be_ 

blanche: Young man! Young, young, young, young—man! Has 

y ° U ‘ hat y ° U ‘° 0k Hke ‘ ^ «he 


young man: No, ma'am. 

(The young MAN laughs uncomfortably and stands like a bashful 

kid. blanche speaks softly to him.) 
blanche: Well, you do, honey lamb. Come here! Come on over 

weetlv y ° U! ‘° ki$S y° u -just once—softly and 

sweetly on your mouth. ( Without waiting for him to accelt she 

l “ rw s “ “ *w 

young man: Huh? 


T 1 momen !, ■ Sbeopensthedoorforbimand 

, . to him as be goes down the steps with a dazed look She 

stands there a little dreamily after be has dis^eteJ Thm 
MITCH appears around the corner with a buncbof roses ) 

™ ™""‘ ! M ’ — -»- 
(He does so. Sbe curtsies low.) 

Ahhh! Merciiii! 


B 


65 




Scene Six 




It is about two a.m. on the same evening. The outer wall of tbe building 
is visible, blanche and mitch come in. Tbe utter exhaustion wbicb 
only a neurasthenic personality can know is evident in Blanche’s 
voice and manner, mitch is stolid but depressed.They have probably 
been out to tbe amusement park on Lake Pontchartrain, for mitch is 
bearing, upside down, a plaster statuette of Mae West, tbe sort of 
prize won at shooting-galleries and carnival games of chance. 


blanche (stopping lifelessly at tbe steps): Well- 

(mitch laughs uneasily.) 

Well . . . 

mitch: I guess it must be pretty late—and you're tired. 

blanche: Even the hot tamale man has deserted the street, and 
he hangs on till the end. (mitch laughs uneasily again.) How will 
you get home? 

mitch: I’ll walk over to Bourbon and catch an owl-car. 

BLANCHE (laughing grimly): Is that street-car named Desire still 
grinding along the tracks at this hour? 

mitch {heavily): I'm afraid you haven’t gotten much fun out of 
this evening, Blanche. 
blanche: I spoiled it for you. 

mitch: No, you didn't, but I felt all the time that I wasn't giving 
you much—entertainment. 

blanche: I simply couldn't rise to the occasion. That was all. I 
don't think I've ever tried so hard to be gay and made such a 
dismal mess of it. I get ten points for trying!-I did try. 

66 


SCENE VII 

MITCH: Why did you try if you didn’t feel like it, Blanche? 
blanche: I was just obeying the law of nature. 
much: Which law is that? 


blanche: The one that says the lady must entertain the gentle¬ 
man—or no dice! See if you can locate my door-key in this purse. 
When I’m so tired my fingers are all thumbs! 

mitch (rooting in her purse): This it? 

blanche: No, honey, that's the key to my trunk which I must 
soon be packing. 


mitch: You mean you are leaving here soon? 
blanche: I've outstayed my welcome. 
mitch: This it? 

(The music Jades away.) 

blanche: Eureka! Honey, you open the door while I take a last 
look at the sky. (Sbe leans on the fore b rail. He opens the door and 
stands awkwardly behind her.) I’m looking for the Pleiades, the 
Seven S,sters, but these girls are not out tonight. Oh, yes they 

from IT" m Tl G ° d WeSS ,hem! A “ in 3 bunch B°4 home 

ovT t esl gC Party ' ■ ■ • Y ' th* door openf Good 
boy! I guess you—want to go now ... 

(He shuffles and coughs a little.) 

mitch: Can I—uh—kiss you—goodnight? 
blanche: Why do you always ask me if you may? 
mitch: I don’t know whether you want me to or not. 
blanche: Why should you be so doubtful? 

MmnnThat night when we parked by tire lake and I kissed you, 


67 


[ SCENE VI 

in the world, has got to keep a firm hold on her emotions or 
she’ll be lost! 


mitch {solemnly)-. Lost? 

blanche: I guess you are used to girls that like to be lost. The 
kind that get lost immediately, on the first date! 

mitch: I like you to be exactly the way that you are, because in 
all my—experience—I have never known anyone like you. 

(blanche looks at him gravely; then she bursts into laughter and 

then claps a band to her mouth.) 

mitch: Are you laughing at me? 

blanche: No, honey. The lord and lady of the house have not 
yet returned, so come in. We'll have a night-cap. Let s leave the 
lights off. Shall we? 

mitch: You just—do what you want to. 

(blanche precedes him into the kitchen. The outer wall of the 
building disappears and the interiors of the two rooms can be 

dimly seen.) 

blanche (remaining in the first room): The other rooms more 
comfortable—go on in. This crashing around in the dark is my 
search for some liquor. 


mitch: You want a drink? 

blanche: I want you to have a drink! You have been so anxious 
and solemn all evening, and so have I; we have both been anxious 
and solemn and now for these few last remaining moments of our 
lives together—I want to create —;joie de vivrel I’m lighting a 

candle. 


mitch: That's good. 

blanche-. We are going to be very Bohemian. We are gomg » 
pretend that we are sitting in a little art.sts cafe on the Le 
H nk in Paris' (Sbe lights a candle stub and puts it in a bottle.) 
Ifla Danu au, Canlias, Vous ites-Armandl Understand French? 


MITCH {heavily): Naw. Naw, I- 

blanche: Voulez-vous coucbez avec moi ce 

68 


soir? Vous ne comprenez 



SCENE FI'] 

pasf Ab, quel dommage! —I mean it's a damned good thing. . . 
I've found some liquor! Just enough for two shots without any 
dividends, honey . . . 

mitch {heavily): That’s—good. 

(She enters tbe bedroom with the drinks and the candle.) 

blanche: Sit down! Why don’t you take off your coat and loosen 
your collar? 

mitch: I better leave it on. 

blanche: No. I want you to be comfortable. 

mitch: I am ashamed of the way I perspire. My shirt is sticking 
to me. 6 


blanche: Perspiration is healthy. If people didn’t perspire they 

would die in five minutes. (She takes bis coat from bim.) This is 
a nice coat. What kind of material is it? 

mitch: They call that stuff alpaca. 

blanche: Oh. Alpaca. 

mitch: It’s very light weight alpaca. 

blanche: Oh. Light weight alpaca. 

TZk !h“ to wear a wash - coat even in —— 

blanche: Oh. 

mitch: And it don’t look neat on me. A man with a heavy build 

got to he carefu! of what he puts on him so he do:^^ 

blanche: You are not too heavy. 
mitch: You don’t think I am? 

BLANCHE: You are not the delicate type. You have a • 
bone-structure and a very imposing physique. 

mitch: Thank you. Last Christmas I was given a me m K l- 
the New Orleans Athletic Club. g membershl P to 

blanche: Oh, good. 

mitch: It was the finest present I ever was given I , 
there with the weights and 1 swim and I keep^elf fiTwhen 

69 


c SCENE VI 

I started there, I was getting soft in the belly but now my belly 
is hard. It is so hard that now a man can punch me in the belly 
and it don t hurt me. Punch me! Go on! See? {She pokes lightly at 
him .) 

blanche: Gracious. ( Her hand touches her chest.) 

mitch: Guess how much I weigh, Blanche? 

blanche: Oh, I’d say in the vicinity of—one hundred and eighty? 

mitch: Guess again. 

blanche: Not that much? 

mitch: No. More. 


blanche: Well, you're a tall man and you can carry a good deal 
of weight without looking awkward. 

mitch: I weigh two hundred and seven pounds and I'm six feet 
one and one half inches tall in my bare feet—without shoes on. 
And that is what I weigh stripped. 

blanche: Oh, my goodness, me! It’s awe-inspiring. 

mitch ( embarrassed ): My weight is not a very interesting subject 

to talk about. ( He hesitates for a moment.) What's yours? 

blanche: My weight? 
mitch: Yes. 
blanche: Guess! 
mitch: Let me lift you. 

blanche: Samson! Go on, lift me. {He comes behind her and puts 
bis hands on her waist and raises her lightly off the ground.) Well? 

mitoh: You are light as a feather. 

blanche: Ha-ha! {He lowers her but keeps bis bands on her waist. 
blanche speaks with an affectation of demureness.) You may release 

me now. 
mitch: Huh? 

blanche {gaily)' I said unhand me, sir. {He fumblingly embraces 
her. Her voice sounds gently reproving.) Now, Mitch. Just because 
Stanley and Stella aren't at home is no reason why you shouldn't 
behave like a gentleman. 


70 


SCENE VI2 

mitch: Just give me a slap whenever I step out of bounds. 

blanche: That won't be necessary. You’re a natural gentleman, 
one of the very few that are left in the world. I don’t want you to 
think that I am severe and old maid school-teacherish or anything 
like that. It’s just—well- 

mitch: Huh? 


blanche: I guess it is just that I have—old-fashioned ideals! (Sbe 
rolls ber eyes , knowing be cannot see her face, mitch goes to the front 
door. There is a considerable silence between them, blanche sighs and 
mitch coughs self-consciously.) 

mitch {finally)'. Where’s Stanley and Stella tonight? 

blanche: They have gone out. With Mr. and Mrs. Hubbell 
upstairs. 


mitch: Where did they go? 

blanche: I think they were planning to go to a midnight prevue 
at Loew s State. 

mitch: We should all go out together some night. 
blanche: No. That wouldn’t be a good plan. 
mitch: Why not? 

blanche: You are an old friend of Stanley’s? 
mitch: We was together in the Two-forty-first. 
blanche: I guess he talks to you frankly? 
mitch: Sure. 

blanche: Has he talked to you about me? 
mitch: Oh—not very much. 

blanche: The way you say that, I suspect that he has. 
mitch: No, he hasn’t said much. 

toward me^wasT” 31 *“ Wh “ W °“ ld ** his attitude 

mitch: Why do you want to ask that? 
blanche: Well- 


71 


I SCENE VI 


mitch: Don’t you get along with him? 
blanche: What do you think? 
mitch: I don’t think he understands you. 

blanche: That is putting it mildly. If it weren’t for Stella about 
to have a baby, I wouldn't be able to endure things here. 

mitch: He isn't—nice to you? 

blanche: He is insufferably rude. Goes out of his way to offend 
me. 

mitch: In what way, Blanche? 
blanche: Why, in every conceivable way. 
mitch: I'm surprised to hear that. 
blanche: Are you? 

mitch: Well, I—don't see how anybody could be rude to you. 

blanche: It’s really a pretty frightful situation. You see, there’s 
no privacy here. There's just these portieres between the two 
rooms at night. He stalks through the rooms in his underwear 
at night. And I have to ask him to close the bathroom door. That 
sort of commonness isn’t necessary. You probably wonder why 
I don't move out. Well, I'll tell you frankly. A teacher's salary 
is barely sufficient for her living-expenses. I didn't save a penny 
last year and so I had to come here for the summer. That’s why 
I have to put up with my sister's husband. And he has to put 
up with me, apparently so much against his wishes. . . . Surely 
he must have told you how much he hates me! 

mitch: I don't think he hates you. 

blanche: He hates me. Or why would he insult me? Of course 
there is such a thing as the hostility of—perhaps in some perverse 
kind of way he—No! To think of it makes me . . . (Sbe makes 
a gesture of revulsion. Then sbe finishes her drink. A pause follows.) 

mitch: Blanche- 

blanche: Yes, honey? 

mitch: Can I ask you a question? 

72 


SCENE VI ] 

blanche: Yes. What? 

mitch: How old are you? 

(She males a nervous gesture .) 
blanche: Why do you want to know? 

mitch: I talked to my mother about you and she said, "How old 
is Blanche? And I wasn t able to tell her. ( There is another pause.) 

blanche: You talked to your mother about me? 
mitch: Yes. 

blanche: Why? 

mitch: I told my mother how nice you were, and I liked you. 
blanche: Were you sincere about that? 
mitch: You know I was. 

blanche: Why did your mother want to know my age? 
mitch: Mother is sick. 

blanche: I’m sorry to hear it. Badly? 

mitch: She won’t live long. Maybe just a few months. 
blanche: Oh. 

mitch: She worries because I’m not settled. 
blanche: Oh. 


mitch: She wants me to be settled down before she- 

a > L__ ft ■ . . 


. ~ mw ' tu ^iv/ic anc-— (His voice 

l bt°ZV . tbroat twia - SbU f“ n S nm,ous ‘y ™*b 

his bands in and out of bis pockets.) 

blanche: You love her very much, don’t you? 
mitch: Yes. 

blanche: I think you have a great capacity for devotion. You will 

ld Wn W , n ; P T S ° n - W ° n '' y0U? < M,TCH ck <™ bis tbroat 
and nods.) I understand what that is. 

mitch: To be lonely? 

blanche: I loved someone, too, and the person I loved I lost 

73 


[ SCENE VI 

blanche: He was a boy, just a boy, when I was a very young girl. 
When I was sixteen, I made the discovery—love. All at once and 
much, much too completely. It was like you suddenly turned a 
blinding light on something that had always been half in shadow, 
that’s how it struck the world for me. But I was unlucky. Deluded. 
There was something different about the boy, a nervousness, a 
softness and tenderness which wasn't like a man’s, although he 
wasn’t the least bit effeminate looking—still—that thing was there. 
... He came to me for help. I didn’t know that. I didn’t find out 
anything till after our marriage when we’d run away and come 
back and all I knew was I'd failed him in some mysterious way 
and wasn’t able to give the help he needed but couldn't speak of! 
He was in the quicksands and clutching at me—but I wasn’t 
holding him out, I was slipping in with him! I didn't know that. 

I didn’t know anything except I loved him unendurably but with¬ 
out being able to help him or help myself. Then I found out. In 
the worst of all possible ways. By coming suddenly into a room 
that I thought was empty—which wasn’t empty, but had two 
people in it . . . 

{A locomotive is heard approaching outside. She claps her bands 
to her ears and crouches over. The headlight of the locomotive 
glares into the room as it thunders past. As the noise recedes she 
straightens slowly and continues speaking.) 

Afterwards we pretended that nothing had been discovered. Yes, 
the three of us drove out to Moon Lake Casino, very drunk and 
laughing all the way. 

(Polka music sounds , in a minor key faint with distance.) 

We danced the Varsouviana! Suddenly in the middle of the dance 
the boy I had married broke away from me and ran out of the 
casino. A few moments later—a shot! 

(The Polka stops abruptly.) 

(blanche rises stiffly. Then the Polka resumes in a major key.) 

I ran out—all did!—all ran and gathered about the terrible thing 
at the edge of the lake! I couldn't get near for the crowding. 
Then somebody caught my arm. “Don’t go any closer! Come 
back! You don’t want to see!” See? See what! Then I heard voices 


74 


SCENE VI ] 

say—Allan! Allan! The Grey boy! He'd stuck the revolver into 

his mouth, and fired—so that the back of his head had been— 
blown away! 

{She sways and covers ber face.) 

It was because—on the dance-floor—unable to stop myself—I'd 
suddenly said—“I know! I know! You disgust me . . And then 
the searchlight which had been turned on the world was turned 
o again and never for one moment since has there been any light 
that s stronger than this—kitchen—candle ... 


(mitch gets Up awkwardly and moves towards ber a little. Tbe 
Polka music increases, mitch stands beside ber.) 

mitch ( drawing ber slowly into bis arms): You need somebody. 
And I need somebody, too. Could it be-you and me, Blanche? 

[ Sb JJ tareS f 11 bim vacantl y for a moment. Then with a soft cry 
buddies in bis embrace. Sbe makes a sobbing effort to speak but 
tbe words won’t come. He kisses ber forebead and ber eyes and 
finally ber hps. Tbe Polka tune fades out. Her breatb is drawn 

and released in long , grateful sobs.) 

blanche: Sometimes—there’s God—so quickly! 




76 




Scene Seven 




It is late afternoon in mid-September. 

Tbe portibes are open and a table is set for a birthday supper , with 
cake and flowers. 

stella is completing tbe decorations as Stanley comes in. 

Stanley: What's all this stuff for? 
stella: Honey, it's Blanche's birthday. 

Stanley: She here? 
stella: In the bathroom. 

Stanley ( mimicking ): “Washing out some things'? 
stella: I reckon so. 

Stanley: How long she been in there? 
stella: All afternoon. 

Stanley ( mimicking ): “Soaking in a hot tub”? 
stella: Yes. 

Stanley: Temperature 100 on the nose, and she soaks herself in 
a hot tub. 

stella: She says it cools her off for the evening. 

Stanley: And you run out an' get her cokes, I suppose? And 
serve 'em to Her Majesty in the tub? (stella shrugs.) Set down 

here a minute. 

stella: Stanley, I've got things to do. 

Stanley: Set down! I’ve got th' dope on your big sister, Stella. 
stella: Stanley, stop picking on Blanche. 

Stanley: That girl calls me common! 

stella: Lately you been doing all you can think of to rub her the 
wrong way, Stanley, and Blanche is sensitive and you've got to 

76 


SCENE VII'] 

realize that Blanche and I grew up under very different circum¬ 
stances than you did. 

STANLEY: So I been told. And told and told and told! You know 
she’s been feeding us a pack of lies here? 

stella: No, I don’t, and- 


STANLEY: Well, she has, however. But now the cat's out of the 
bag! I found out some things! 

stella: What—things? 

STANLEY: Things I already suspected. But now I got proof from 
the most reliable sources—which I have checked on! 

(blanche is singing in tbe bathroom a saccharine popular ballad 
which is used contrapuntally with Stanley's speech.) 

STELLA {to STANLEY): Lower your voice! 

Stanley: Some canary-bird, huh! 

stella: Now please tell me quietly what you think you’ve found 
out about my sister. 

™ Y: Number 0ne: A " this she puts on' 

You should just know the line she’s been feeding to Mitch He 

thought she had never been more than kissed by a fellow' But 

Sister Blanche is no lily! Ha-ha! Some lily she is! * 

stella: What have you heard and who from? 

™ ° Ur , 7 ply - man do ™ at P'ant has been going 
dirough Laurel for years and he knows all about her and every- 

body else in the town of Laurel knows all about her. She is as 

famous in Laurel as if she was the President of the United States 

a any par,y! This supply - man stops 

blanche (singing blithely)'. 

* Sa n *•! ° nIy ," Paper moon ’ Saili ”g °ver a cardboard sea 
ut it wouldn t be make-believe If you believed in me'" 
stella: What about the—Flamingo? 

STANLEY: She stayed there, too. 
stella: My sister lived at Belle Reve. 


c SCENE VII 

Stanley: This is after the home-place had slipped through her lily- 
white fingers! She moved to the Flamingo! A second-class hotel 
which has the advantage of not interfering in the private social 
life of the personalities there! The Flamingo is used to all kinds 
of goings-on. But even the management of the Flamingo was 
impressed by Dame Blanche! In fact they was so impressed by 
Dame Blanche that they requested her to turn in her room-key 
—for permanently! This happened a couple of weeks before she 
showed here. 

blanche {singing): 

“It's a Bamum and Bailey world, Just as phony as it can be— 
But it wouldn’t be make-believe If you believed in me!” 

stella: What—contemptible—lies! 

Stanley: Sure, I can see how you would be upset by this. She 
pulled the wool over your eyes as much as Mitch's! 

stella: It's pure invention! There’s not a word of truth in it and 
if I were a man and this creature had dared to invent such things 
in my presence- 

blanche {singing): 

“Without your love, 

It's a honky-tonk parade! 

Without your love, 

It's a melody played In a penny arcade ...” 

Stanley: Honey, I told you I thoroughly checked on these stories! 
Now wait till I finished. The trouble with Dame Blanche was that 
she couldn't put on her act any more in Laurel! They got wised 
up after two or three dates with her and then they quit, and she 
goes on to another, the same old lines, same old act, same old 
hooey! But the town was too small for this to go on forever! 
And as time went by she became a town character. Regarded as 

not just different but downright loco—nuts. 

(stella draws back.) 

Ajid for the last year or two she has been washed up like poison. 
That's why she's here this summer, visiting royalty, putting on 
all this act—because she's practically told by the mayor to get 

78 


SCENE FI 12 

out of town! Yes, did you know there was an army camp near 

Laurel and your sister's was one of the places called “Out-of- 
Bounds”? 


blanche: 

It s only a paper moon, Just as phony as it can be— 

But it wouldn’t be make-believe If you believed in me!” 
Stanley: Well, so much for her being such a refined and parti¬ 
cular type of girl. Which brings us to Lie Number Two. 
stella: I don't want to hear any more! 

Stanley: She's not going back to teach school! In fact I am willing 

to bet you that she never had no idea of returning to Laurel' 

bhe didn’t resign temporarily from the high school because of her 

nerves! No s.ree, Bob! She didn’t. They kicked her out of that 

high school before the spring term ended—and I hate to tell you 

the reason that step was taken! A seventeen-year-old boy—she'd 
gotten mixed up with! J 


blanche: 

"It's a Bamum and Bailey world, Just as phony as it can be_” 

{In the bathroom the water goes on loud; little breathless cries 
and peak of laughter are beard as if a child were frolicking in 

tbe tub .) 

stella: This is making me—sick! 

™ h “h ?° y ’ S dad leamed ab0Ut “ and S ot in touch with 

been in Va, « SU P“ dent - »>y, oh, boy, I’d like to have 

agaLt he'r' P ’ P"* a ,ow > passed 


(The bathroom door is opened and blanche thrusts her bead 
Blanche: Stella! 8 “ ‘° ml ab ° Ut her bair •) 


out 


stella (faintly): Yes, Blanche? 

blanche: Give me another bath-towel 
just washed it. 


to dry my hair with. 



79 


[ SCENE VII 

stella: Yes, Blanche. ( She crosses in a dazed way from tbe kitchen 
to tbe bathroom door with a towel.) 

blanche: What’s the matter, honey? 

stella: Matter? Why? 

blanche: You have such a strange expression on your face! 

stella: Oh- (She tries to laugh.) I guess I’m a little tired! 

blanche: Why don't you bathe, too, soon as I get out? 

Stanley [callingfrom tbe kitchen): How soon is that going to be? 
blanche: Not so terribly long! Possess your soul in patience! 
Stanley: It's not my soul I’m worried about! 

(blanche slams tbe door. Stanley laughs harshly, stella comes 

slowly back into tbe kitchen.) 

Stanley: Well, what do you think of it? 

stella: I don’t believe all of those stories and I think your 
supply-man was mean and rotten to tell them. It's possible that 
some of the things he said are partly true. There are things about 
my sister I don't approve of—things that caused sorrow at home. 
She was always—flighty! 

Stanley: Flighty is some word for it! 

stella: But when she was young, very young, she had an experi¬ 
ence that—killed her illusions! 

Stanley: What experience was that? 

stella: I mean her marriage, when she was—almost a child! She 
married a boy who wrote poetry. ... He was extremely good- 
looking. I think Blanche didn't just love him but worshipped the 
ground he walked on! Adored him and thought him almost too 
fine to be human! But then she found out- 

Stanley: What? 

stella: This beautiful and talented young man was a degenerate. 
Didn’t your supply-man give you that information? 

Stanley: All we discussed was recent history. That must have 
been a pretty long time ago. 

stella: Yes, it was—a pretty long time ago . . . 

80 


SCENE raj 

(Stanley comes up and takes her by tbe shoulders rather gently. 
She gently withdraws from him. Automatically she starts stick¬ 
ing little pink candles in tbe birthday cake.) 

STANLEY: How many candles you putting in that cake? 
stella: I'll stop at twenty-five. 

STANLEY: Is company expected. 

stella: We asked Mitch to come over for cake and ice-cream. 
(STANLEY looks a little uncomfortable. He lights a cigarette from 

tbe one be has just finished.) 

STANLEY: I wouldn’t be expecting Mitch over tonight. 

(STELLA pauses in her occupation with candles and looks slowly 
STELLA -.Why? around at Stanley.) 

together" 3 ^ ° f mine ’ We Were in the same ““‘fit 

and now 7h ^ r St En S ineers ’ We work in the same plant 
if " the same bowlin S team. You think I could face him 

stella: Stanley Kowalski, did you-xlid you repeat what that_? 

stella: Is Mitch through with her? 

Stanley: Wouldn’t you be if-_? 

stella: I said, Is Mitch through with her? 

(aLANcHE’s voice is lifted again, serenely as a bell. She sings 

STANLEY* No 7 i « -ef 

just wised up! ‘ he S necessari 'y through with her- 

=£££ *—rar . 

he’s^not going^to lumD ‘ g0i ” E 1° her ’ Ma y be he but 

Blache 1 Oh BWhTr "‘i* i* SCh ° 01 of sharks -"owl 
(There is a pause ) C “ 1 P ‘ eaSe ^ m bathroom? 

BLANCHE. Yes, uideed, sir! Can you wait one second while I dry? 

81 


[ SCENE VII 


Stanley: Having waited one hour I guess one second ought to 
pass in a hurry. 

stella: And she hasn't got her job? Well, what will she do! 

Stanley: She's not stayin’ here after Tuesday. You know that, 
don’t you? Just to make sure I bought her ticket myself. A bus- 
ticket! 

stella: In the first place, Blanche wouldn't go on a bus. 
Stanley: She’ll go on a bus and like it. 
stella: No, she won’t, no, she won’t, Stanley! 

Stanley: She’ll got Period. P.S. She’ll go Tuesday ! 

stella (slowly): What’ll—she—do? What on earth will she 

do! 


Stanley: Her future is mapped out for her. 
stella: What do you mean? 

(blanche sings.) 

Stanley: Hey, canary bird! Toots! Get OUT of the BATH¬ 
ROOM ! Must I speak more plainly? 

(The bathroom door flies open and blanche emerges with a gay 
peal of laughter , but as Stanley crosses past her , a frightened 
look appears in her face, almost a look of panic. He doesn t oo 
at her but slams the bathroom door shut as be goes in.) 


blanche ( snatching up a hair-brush ): Oh, I feel so good after my 

long, hot bath, I feel so good and cool and—rested! 

stella ( sadly and doubtfully from the kitchen): Do you, Blanche?^ 

blanche ( brushing her hair vigorously): Yes, I do, so ref ^ hed , 
(She tinkles her highball glass.) A hot bath and a long, cold dnn 
always gives me a brand new outlook on life! (She looks tbrou & 
the port ikes at stella, standing between them, and slowly s op 
brushing.) Something has happened!—What is it? 
stella (turning quickly away): Why, nothing has happened, 

Blanche. 

blanche: You’re lying! Something has! 

(She stares fearfully at stella, wbo pretends to be busy at 
table. The distant piano goes into a hectic breakdown.) 



Scene Eight 



Three-quarters of an hour later. 

The view through the big windows is fading gradually into a still- 

golden dusk. A torch of sunlight blazes on the side of a big water-tank 

or oil-drum across the empty lot toward the business district which is 

now pierced by pin-points of lighted windows or windows reflecting 
the sunset. 

The three people are completing a dismal birthday supper. Stanley 
looks sullen, stella is embarrassed and sad. 

blanche has a tight, artificial smile on her drawn face. There is a 
fourth place at the table which is left vacant. 


BLANCHE {suddenly): Stanley, tell us a joke, tell us a funny story 
to make us all laugh. I don't know what’s the matter, we’re all 
so solemn. Is it because I've been stood up by my beau? 

(stella laughs feebly.) 

It s the first time in my entire experience with men, and I’ve had 
a good deal of all sorts, that I've actually been stood up by any¬ 
body! Ha-ha! I don’t know how to take it. . . . Tell us a funny 
ittle story, Stanley! Something to help us out. 

Stanley: I didn’t think you liked my stories, Blanche. 
blanche: I like them when they're amusing but not indecent. 
Stanley: I don’t know any refined enough for your taste. 
blanche: Then let me tell one. 

stella: Yes, you tell one, Blanche. You used to know lots of 
good stones. 


(The music fades .) 

toYrdOh Ut Tr’ n0W ' • ' • 1 must mn thr °ugh my reper- 
Oh, yes I love parrot stories! Do you all like parrot 


83 



[ SCENE Fill 

stories? Well, this one's about the old maid and the parrot. This 
old maid, she had a parrot that cursed a blue streak and knew 
more vulgar expressions than Mr. Kowalski! 

STANLEY: Huh. 

blanche: And the only way to hush the parrot up was to put the 
cover back on its cage so it would think it was night and go back 
to sleep. Well, one morning the old maid had just uncovered the 
parrot for the day—when who should she see coming up the front 
walk but the preacher! Well, she rushed back to the parrot and 
slipped the cover back on the cage and then she let in the preacher. 
And the parrot was perfectly still, just as quiet as a mouse, but 
just as she was asking the preacher how much sugar he wanted 
in his coffee—the parrot broke the silence with a loud— (sbe 
whistles) —and said—“God damn , but that was a short day!” 

(Sbe throws back her bead and laughs, stella also makes an 
ineffectual effort to seem amused. Stanley pays no attention to 
the story but reaches way over the table to 

remaining chop which be eats with bis fingers.) 

blanche: Apparently Mr. Kowalski was not amused. 
stella: Mr. Kowalski is too busy making a pig of himself to 
think of anything else! 

Stanley: That's right, baby. 

stella: Your face and your fingers are disgustingly greasy. Go 
and wash up and then help me clear the table. 

(He hurls a plate to the fioor.) 

Stanley: That's how I'll clear the table! (He seizes her arm.) 
Don’t ever talk that way to me! “Pig—Polack—disgusting 
vulgar—greasy!”—them kind of words have been on your tongue 
and your sister's too much around here! What do you two think 
you are? A pair of queens? Remember what Huey Long said—- 
“Every Man is a King!” And I am the king around here, so don't 
forget it! (He burls a cup and saucer to the fioor.) My place is cleared! 
You want me to clear your places? 

(stella begins to cry weakly. Stanley stalks out on the porch 

and lights a cigarette.) 

84 


spear bis fork into the 


SCENE VII 12 

(The Negro entertainers around the corner are heard .) 

blanche: What happened while I was bathing? What did he tell 
you, Stella? 


stella: Nothing, nothing, nothing! 

f^ NCHE - 1 he toId y° u something about Mitch and me! You 
lrnow why Mitch didn’t come but you won’t tell me! (stella 
shakes her bead helplessly.) F m going to call him! 

stella: I wouldn’t call him, Blanche. 

blanche: I am, I’m going to call him on the phone. 

stella ( miserably ): I wish you wouldn’t. 

blanche, I intend to be given some explanation from someone! 

( She rushes to the phone in the bedroom. STEI ea out on the 
Porch and stares reproachfully at her husband. He grunts and 

turns away from her.) 

ThanU yon. rf _ „ ^ ^ — 

(stanley turns slowly bach towards his wife and takes her 

clumsily in bis arms .) 

youvrhad'tte babyT/ * "W after She S 0es and after 
and me the way that it was ^u ,1 r,ght a g ain between you 
Them nights we had tZl Y ™ re ™ mbe * tha t way that it was? 

when we can make noise in'die night f™ 3 ** 

and get the colour**! 1 ; u* • mght wa y that we used to 

the curtains to hear us! & S S ° mg Wlth n ° b ° dys sister behind 

{Tbm upsta,rs To g frr m w - Mi °™s **»*■ ^ 

Steve an’ Eunice . . 5TAN “ Y Cbuckks ) 

?:zz if “*■ - 

85 



[ SCENE VIII 

blanche: Yes. {She returns from tbe bedroom to tbe table in tbe 
kitchen .) Oh, those pretty, pretty little candles! Oh, don’t bum 
them, Stella. 

stella: I certainly will. 

(Stanley comes back in.) 

blanche: You ought to save them for baby’s birthdays. Oh, I hope 
candles are going to glow in his life and I hope that his eyes are go¬ 
ing to be like candles, like two blue candles lighted in a white cake! 

Stanley {sitting down): What poetry! 

blanche: His Auntie knows candles aren’t safe, that candles burn 
out in little boys’ and girls' eyes, or wind blows them out and 
after that happens, electric light bulbs go on and you see too 
plainly . . . (Sbe pauses reflectively for a moment.) I shouldn't 

have called him. 

stella: There’s lots of things could have happened. 
blanche: There's no excuse for it, Stella. I don't have to put up 
with insults. I won’t be taken for granted. 

STANLEY: Goddamn, it’s hot in here with the steam from the bath¬ 


room. 

blanche: I've said I was sorry three times. {Tbe piano fades out.) 
I take hot baths for my nerves. Hydro-therapy, they call it. You 
healthy Polack, without a nerve in your body, of course you don 
know what anxiety feels like! 

Stanley: I am not a Polack. People from Poland are Poles, not 
Polacks. But what I am is a one hundred per cent American born 
and raised in the greatest country on earth and proud as he 

it, so don’t ever call me a Polack. 

{Tbephone rings, blanche rises expectantly.) 


blanche: Oh, that's for me, I'm sure. 

STANLEY: Tm not sure. Keep your seat, (He cross" purely to 
phone.) H'lo. Aw, yeh, hello, Mac. su 

[inks back in ber chair with a frightened look, stella leans 

and touches ber shoulder.) 



SCENE Fill'] 

blanche: Oh, keep your hands off me, Stella. What is the matter 
with you? Why do you look at me with that pitying look? 
STANLEY {bawling): QUIET IN THERE!—We’ve got a noisy 
woman on the place.—Go on, Mac. At Riley’s? No, I don’t wanta 
bowl at Riley’s. I had a little trouble with Riley last week. I'm 
the team-captain, ain't I? All right, then, we're not gonna bowl 

at Riley’s, we're gonna bowl at the West Side or the Gala! All 
right, Mac. See you! 

{H e bangs up and returns to the table, blanche fiercely controls 
herself, drinking quickly from her tumbler of water. He doesn’t 
look at her but reaches in a pocket. Then be speaks slowly and 

with false amiability.) 

Sister Blanche, I’ve got a little birthday remembrance for you. 

blanche: Oh, have you, Stanley? I wasn't expecting any, I—I 
don t know why Stella wants to observe my birthday! I'd much 
rather forget it—when you—reach twenty-seven! Well—age is a 
subject that you'd prefer to—ignore! 6 

Stanley: Twenty-seven? 

blanche (quickly): What is it? Is it for met 

(He is bolding a little envelope towards ber.) 

Stanley: Yes, I hope you like it! 

blanche: Why, why-Why, it's a_ 

Stanley: Ticket! Back to Laurel! On the Greyhound! Tuesday! 
(Tbe Varsouviana music steals in softly and continues playing. 

TbensbeT X y T tUrm bn *“*■ BLANCI,E 

tbe table “d aUgb ' Tben Sbt gWeS botb up and s P rin S s from 
tbe MU and runs ,nto tbe next room. Sbe clutches bj throat 

then runs ,nto tbe bathroom. Coughing, gagging sounds are 
Well! beard.) 

stella: You didn’t need to do that. 

Stanley: Don't forget all that I took off her 

S ° “ — - - i, 

STELLA: She iS - She was - Y °“ didn't know Blanche as a girl 

87 


[ SCENE VIII 

Nobody, nobody, was tender and trusting as she was. But people 
like you abused her, and forced her to change. 

(He crosses into the bedroom, ripping off bis shirt, and changes 
into a brilliant silk bowling shirt. She follows him.) 

Do you think you’re going bowling now? 

Stanley: Sure. 

stella: You're not going bowling. (She catches bold of bis shirt.) 
Why did you do this to her? 

Stanley: I done nothing to no one. Let go of my shirt. You've 
tom it. 

stella: I want to know why. Tell me why. 


Stanley: When we first met, me and you, you thought I was 
common. How right you was, baby. I was common as dirt. You 
showed me the snapshot of the place with the columns. I pulled 
you down off them columns and how you loved it, having them 
coloured lights going! And wasn’t we happy together, wasn't it 
all okay till she showed here? 

( stella makes a slight movement. Her look goes suddenly inward 
as if some interior voice bad called her name. She begins a slow, 
shuffling progress from the bedroom to the kitchen, leaning and 
resting on the back of the chair and then on the edge of a table 
with a blind look and listening expression. Stanley, finishing 


with bis shirt, is unaware of her reaction.) 

And wasn’t we happy together? Wasn’t it all okay? Till she 
showed here. Hoity-toity, describing me as an ape. {He suddenly 
notices the change in stella. ) Hey, what is it, Stel? (He crosses to her.) 


stella {quietly): Take me to the hospital. 

{He is with her now, supporting her with bis arm, murmuring 
indistinguishably as they go outside. The “ Varsouviana ” is bear , 
its music rising with sinister rapidity as the bathroom door opens 
slightly, blanche comes out twisting a washcloth. She begins to 
whisper the words as the light fades slowly.) 


blanche: El pan de mats, el pan de mats, 
El pan de mais sin sal. 

El pan de mais, el pan de mais, 
El pan de mais sin sal . . . 


88 


l 


Scene Nine 




A while later that evening, blanche is seated in a tense bunched 
position in a bedroom chair that she has re-covered with diagonal green 
and white stripes. She has on her scarlet satin robe. On the table beside 
chair is a bottle of liquor and a glass. The rapid , feverish polka tune, 
the Varsouviana,” is beard. The music is in her mind; she is drinking 
to escape it and the sense of disaster closing in on her, and she seems 

to whisper the words of the song. An electric fan is turning back and 
forth across her. 

mitch comes around the corner in work clothes: blue denim shirt and 
pants. He is unshaven. He climbs the steps to the door and rings. 
blanche is startled. 

blanche: Who is it, please? 

mitch {hoarsely): Me. Mitch. 

(The polka tune stops .) 
blanche: Mitch!—Just a minute. 

{She rushes about frantically , biding the bottle in a closet , 
crouching at the mirror and dabbing her face with cologne and 
powder. She is so excited that her breath is audible as she dashes 

laSt ^ nubeS t0 the door in tbe kitchen and lets him in.) 
Mitch.—Y'know, I really shouldn't let you in after the treatment 

I have received from you this evening! So utterly uncavalier! But 
hello, beautiful! 

^ UpS ' He ignores H and P™ 1 * 5 PM* her into 
the flat. She looks fearfully after him as be stalks into tbe bed- 

\A r ° 0m •) 

A„ y ,' my ' What a cold sho “Wer! And a face Uke a thundercloud! 
And such uncouth apparel! Why, you haven't even shaved! The 

89 


[ SCENE IX 

unforgivable insult to a lady! But I forgive you. I forgive you 
because it's such a relief to see you. You've stopped that polka 
tune that I had caught in my head. Have you ever had anything 
caught in your head? Some words, a piece of music? That goes 
relentlessly on and on in your head? No, of course you haven’t, 
you dumb angel-puss, you'd never get anything awful caught in 
your head! 

(He stares at her while she follows him while she talks. It is 
obvious that be has bad a few drinks on the way over.) 

mitch: Do we have to have that fan on? 

blanche: No! 

mitch: I don't like fans. 

blanche: Then let's turn it off, honey. I'm not partial to them! 

(She presses the switch and the fan nods slowly off. She clears 
her throat uneasily as mitch plumps himself down on the bed in 

the bedroom and lights a cigarette .) 

I don't know what there is to drink. I—haven’t investigated. 

mitch: I don't want Stan’s liquor. 

blanche: It isn’t Stan’s. Everything here isn’t Stan's. Some things 
on the premises are actually mine! How is your mother? Isn’t your 
mother well? 
mitch: Why? 

blanche: Something's the matter tonight, but never mind. I won't 
cross-examine the witness. I'll just— (She touches her forehead 
vaguely. The polka tune starts up again.) —pretend I don't notice 
anything different about you! That—music again . . . 

mitch: What music? 

blanche: The “Varsouviana”! The polka tune they were playing 
when Allan-Wait! 

(A distant revolver shot is beard, blanche seems relieved.) 
There now, the shot! It always stops after that. 

(The polka music dies out again.) 

Yes, now it's stopped. 

mitch: Are you boxed out of your mind? 

90 



SCENE IX2 

blanche: I'll go and see what I can find in the way of - (Sbe 

crosses into the closet , pretending to search for the bottle.) Oh, by the 
way, excuse me for not being dressed. But I'd practically given 
you up! Had you forgotten your invitation to supper? 

mitch: I wasn't going to see you any more. 

blanche: Wait a minute. I can’t hear what you're saying and you 
talk so little that when you do say something, I don't want to 
miss a single syllable of it. . . . What am I looking around here 
for? Oh, yes—liquor! We've had so much excitement around here 
this evening that I am boxed out of my mind! {Shepretends suddenly 
to find the bottle. He draws bis foot up on on the bed and stares at her 
contemptuously.) Here's something. Southern Comfort! What is 
that, I wonder? 

mitch: If you don't know, it must belong to Stan. 

blanche: Take your foot off the bed. It has a light cover on it. 
Of course you boys don’t notice tilings like that. I’ve done so 
much with this place since I've been here. 

mitch: I bet you have. 

blanche: You saw it before I came. Well, look at it now! This 
room is almost—dainty! I want to keep it that way. I wonder 
if this stuff ought to be mixed with something? Ummm, it’s sweet, 
so sweet! It’s terribly, terribly sweet! Why, it's a liqueur , I believe! 
Yes, t that’s what it is, a liqueur! (mitch grunts.) I’m afraid you 
won t like it, but try it, and maybe you will. 

mitch: I told you already I don’t want none of his liquor and I 
mean it. You ought to lay off his liquor. He says you been lapping 
it up all summer like a wild-cat! 

blanche: What a fantastic statement! Fantastic of him to say it, 
fantastic of you to repeat it! I won’t descend to the level of such 
cheap accusations to answer them, even! 
mitch: Huh. 

blanche: What’s in your mind? I see something in your eyes! 
mitch (getting up): It’s dark in here. 

blanche: I like it dark. The dark is comforting to me. 

91 



[ SCENE IX 

mitch: I don’t think I ever seen you in the light, (blanche laughs 
breathlessly .) That's a fact! 

blanche: Is it? 

mitch: I've never seen you in the afternoon. 

blanche: Whose fault is that? 

mitch: You never want to go out in the afternoon. 

blanche: Why, Mitch, you’re at the plant in the afternoon! 

mitch: Not Sunday afternoon. I’ve asked you to go out with me 
sometimes on Sundays but you always make an excuse. You never 
want to go out till after six and then it's always some place that's 
not lighted much. 

blanche: There is some obscure meaning in this but I fail to 
catch it. 

mitch: What it means is I've never had a real good look at you, 
Blanche. 

blanche: What are you leading up to? 

mitch: Let’s turn the light on here. 

blanche ( fearfully ): Light? Which light? What for? 

mitch: This one with the paper thing on it. (He tears the paper 

lantern off the light bulb. She utters a frightened gasp.) 

blanche: What did you do that for? 

mitch: So I can take a look at you good and plain! 

blanche: Of course you don’t really mean to be insulting! 

mitch: No, just realistic. 

blanche: I don't want realism. 

mitch: Naw, I guess not. 

blanche: I'll tell you what I want. Magic! (mitch laughs.) Yes, 
yes, magic! I try to give that to people. I misrepresent things to 
them. I don't tell truth, I tell what ought to be truth. And if that 
is sinful, then let me be damned for it!— Don’t turn the light on! 
(mitch crosses to the switch. He turns the light on and stares at 
her. She cries out and covers her face. He turns the light off again.) 

92 


SCENE IX J 

mitch (slowly and bitterly ): I don't mind you being older than 
what I thought. But all the rest of it—God! That pitch about 
your ideals being so old-fashioned and all the malarkey that you’ve 
dished out all summer. Oh, I knew you weren't sixteen any more. 
But I was a fool enough to believe you was straight. 

blanche: Who told you I wasn't—“straight”? My loving brother- 
in-law. And you believed him. 

mitch: I called him a liar at first. And then I checked on the story. 
First I asked our supply-man who travels through Laurel. And 
then I talked directly over long-distance to this merchant. 
blanche: Who is the merchant? 
mitch: Kiefaber. 


blanche: The merchant Kiefaber of Laurel! I know the man. He 
whistled at me. I put him in his place. So now for revenge he 
makes up stories about me. 


mitch: Three people, Kiefaber, Stanley and Shaw, swore to them! 

blanche: Rub-a-dub-dub, three men in a tub! And such a filthy tub! 

mitch: Didn't you stay at a hotel called The Flamingo? 

blanche: Flamingo? No! Tarantula was the name of it! I staved 
at a hotel called The Tarantula Arms! 

mitch {stupidly): Tarantula? 


, ! es ’ t E spider! That ' s where 1 brou ght my Victims. 

(SU pours herself another drink.) Yes, I had many intimacies with 

ZTT,' , death ° f AUan -intimacies with strangers 
was all I seemed able to fill my empty heart with. ... I think 

it was panic, just panic, that drove me from one to another, hunting 

for some protection-here and there, in the most-unlikely place! 

-even, at last, in a seventeen-year-old boy but—somebody wrote 

her po™r ab ° Ut it_ " ThiS W ° man iS m ° ra "y unfit for 
{She throws bock her bead with convulsive, sobbing laughter. 

True? V t Sb " repeatS tbe statement < S^ps, and drinks.) 

here Tbere SUPP ° SC r Unfit somehow anyway. . . . So I came 
here. There was nowhere else I could go. I was played out. You 


93 



[ SCENE IX 

know what played out is? My youth was suddenly gone up the 
water-spout, and—I met you. You said you needed somebody. 
Well, I needed somebody, too. I thanked God for you, because 
you seemed to be gentle—a cleft in the rock of the world that I 
could hide in! The poor man’s Paradise—is a little peace. . . . 
But I guess I was asking, hoping—too much! Kiefaber, Stanley 
and Shaw have tied an old tin can to the tail of the kite. 

(There is a pause, mitch stares at her dumbly.) 
mitch: You lied to me, Blanche. 
blanche: Don't say I lied to you. 
mitch: Lies, lies, inside and out, all lies. 

blanche: Never inside, I didn't lie in my heart. . . . 

(A Vendor comes around the corner. She is a blind Mexican 
woman in a dark shawl, carrying bunches of those gaudy tin 
flowers that lower class Mexicans display at funerals and other 
festive occasions. She is calling barely audibly. Her figure is only 

faintly visible outside the building.) 

Mexican woman: Flores. Flores. Flores para los muertos. Flores. 
Flores. 

blanche: What? Oh! Somebody outside. . . . I—I lived in a 
house where dying old women remembered their dead men . . • 

Mexican woman: Flores. Flores para los muertos . . . 

(The polka tune fades in.) 

blanche (as if to herself): Crumble and fade and—regrets—re¬ 
criminations . . . “If you'd done this, it wouldn’t’ve cost me 

that!" 

MEXICAN woman: Corones para los muertos. Corones . . . 
blanche: Legacies! Huh. ... And other things such as blood¬ 
stained pillow-slips—"Her linen needs changing"—"Yes Mother. 
But couldn't we get a coloured girl to do it?" No, we couldn t of 

course. Everything gone but the- 

Mexican woman: Flores. 

blanche: Death—I used to sit here and she used to sit over there 
and death was as close as you are. ... We didn’t dare even 
admit we had ever heard of it! 


94 


SCENE 1X2 

Mexican woman: Flores para los muertos, fores—flares . . . 

blanche: The opposite is desire. So do you wonder? How could 
you possibly wonder! Not far from Belle Reve, before we had lost 
Belle Reve, was a camp where they trained young soldiers. On 
Saturday nights they would go in town to get drunk- 

MEXICAN WOMAN ( softly ): Corones . . . 

blanche: and on the way back they would stagger onto my 

lawn and call—"Blanche! Blanche!"—The deaf old lady remaining 
suspected nothing. But sometimes I slipped outside to answer their 
calls. . . . Later the paddy-wagon would gather them up like 
daisies . . . the long way home . . . 

(The MEXICAN woman turns slowly and drifts back off with 
ber soft mournful cries, blanche goes to the dresser and leans 
forward on it. After a moment , mitch rises and follows ber 
purposefully. The polka music fades away. He places bis bands on 

ber waist and tries to turn ber about.) 
blanche: What do you want? 

mitch (fumbling to embrace ber): What I been missing all summer. 
blanche: Then marry me, Mitch! 

mitch: I don't think I want to marry you any more. 
blanche: No? 

mitch {dropping bis bandsfrom ber waist): You're not clean enough 
to bring in the house with my mother. 

blanche: Go away, then. {He stares at ber.) Get out of here quick 
be ore start screaming fire! {Her tbroat is tightening with hysteria.) 
Get out of here quick before I start screaming fire. 

{He still remains staring. Sbe suddenly rushes to the big window 

Firemremre! ^ ° f ^ ^ Ugbt and *** ) 

{With a startled gasp, mitch turns and goes out the outer door , 
clatters awkwardly down the steps and around the corner of the 
building, blanche staggers back from the window and falls to 
ber knees. The distant piano is slow and blue.) 


95 


Scene Ten 


l|l >|i iji t|i >ji t|> »|i t|i »|< >j« >|» »|i »p< »|i »j< »|i rj« >ji tj' i|i <|l <j> >jn|l t^l 


It is a few hours later that night. 

blanche has been drinking fairly steadily since mitch left. She has 
dragged her wardrobe trunk into the centre of the bedroom. It bangs 
open with flowery dresses thrown across it. As the drinking and packing 
went on, a mood of hysterical exhilaration came into her and she has 
decked herself out in a somewhat soiled and crumpled white satin 
evening gown and a pair of scuffed silver slippers with brilliants set 
in their heels. 

Now she is placing the rhinestone tiara on her head before the mirror 
of the dressing-table and murmuring excitedly as if to a group of 
spectral admirers. 

blanche: How about taking a swim, a moonlight swim at the old 
rock-quarry? If anyone's sober enough to drive a car! Ha-ha! Best 
way in the world to stop your head buzzing! Only you've got to 
be careful to dive where the deep pool is—if you hit a rock you 
don't come up till tomorrow ... 

(Tremblingly she lifts the band mirror for a closer inspection. 
She catches her breath and slams the mirror face down with such 
violence that the glass cracks. She moans a little and attempts 

to rise. 

(stanley appears around the corner of the building. He still has 
on the vivid green silk bowling shirt. As be rounds the corner 
the honky-tonk music is beard. It continues softly throughout the 

scene. 

(He enters the kitchen, slamming the door. As be peers in at 
blanche, be gives a low whistle. He bos bad a few drinks on 
the way and bos brought some quart beer bottles borne with him.) 

blanche: How is my sister? 


96 


SCENE X] 

Stanley: She is doing okay. 
blanche: And how is the baby? 

Stanley (grinning amiably): The baby won't come before morning 
so they told me to go home and get a little shut-eye. 

blanche: Does that mean we are to be alone in here? 

Stanley: Yep. Just me and you, Blanche. Unless you got some¬ 
body hid under the bed. What’ve you got on those fine feathers 
for? 


blanche: Oh, that’s right. You left before my wire came. 
Stanley: You got a wire? 

blanche: I received a telegram from an old admirer of mine. 
Stanley: Anything good? 
blanche: I think so. An invitation. 

Stanley: What to? A fireman's ball? 

BLANCHE ( throwing back ber bead)-. A cruise of the Caribbean on 
a yacht! 

Stanley: Well, well. What do you know? 

blanche: I have never been so surprised in my life. 

Stanley: I guess not. 

blanche: It came like a bolt from the blue! 

STANLEY: Who did you say it was from? 
blanche: An old beau of mine. 

STANLEY: The one that give you the white fox-pieces? 

“ L “ ™ r , ® h ? P Huntlei S h - I wore his ATO pin my last year 

to him gC ' R " * See " h ‘ m aga ‘" Un,il last Christ ™s. I ran in 
to h,m on Biscayne Boulevard. Then-just now-this wire- 

mvmng me on a cru.se of the Caribbean! The problem is clothes. 
tropi«! ^ t0 566 What 1 have that ' s suitabIe for 

STANLEY: And come up with that-gorgeous-diamond-tiara? 
Blanche: This old relic? Ha-ha! It's only rhinestones. 

Zslbdl) G ° Sb ' 1 th ° Ught U WaS Tiffany diamonds - (-f* unbuttons 

blanche: Well, anyhow, I shall be entertained in style. 


97 



I SCENE X 

Stanley: Uh-huh. It goes to show, you never know what is 
coming. 

blanche: Just when I thought my luck had begun to fail me- 

Stanley: Into the picture pops this Miami millionaire. 
blanche: This man is not from Miami. This man is from Dallas. 
Stanley: This man is from Dallas? 

blanche: Yes, this man is from Dallas where gold spouts out of 
the ground! 

Stanley: Well, just so he’s from somewhere! (He starts removing 
bis shirt.) 

blanche: Close the curtains before you undress any further. 
Stanley (amiably): This is all I'm going to undress right now. 
(He rips the sack off a quart beer-bottle.) Seen a bottle-opener? 

(She moves slowly towards the dresser , where she stands with 

her bands knotted together.) 

I used to have a cousin who could open a beer-bottle with his teeth. 
(Pounding the bottle cap on the corner of table.) That was his only 
accomplishment, all he could do—he was just a human bottle- 
opener. And then one time, at a wedding party, he broke his front 
teeth off! After that he was so ashamed of himself he used t’ sneak 
out of the house when company came . . . 

(The bottle cap pops off and a geyser of foam shoots up. Stanley 
laughs happily , holding up the bottle over bis bead.) 

Ha-ha! Rain from heaven! (He extends the bottle towards her.) Shall 
we bury the hatchet and make it a loving-cup? Huh? 
blanche: No, thank you. 

Stanley: Well, it's a red letter night for us both. You having an 
oil-millionaire and me having a baby. 

(He goes to the bureau in the bedroom and crouches to remove 

something from the bottom drawer .) 

blanche (drawing back): What are you doing in here? 

Stanley: Here's something I always break out on special occasions 
like this! The silk pyjamas I wore on my wedding night! 
blanche: Oh. 

STANLEY: When the telephone rings and they say, “You ve got a 

98 


SCENE XI 


son!” I'll tear this off and wave it like a flag! (He shakes out a 
brilliant pyjama coat.) I guess we are both entitled to put on the 
dog. (He goes back to the kitchen with the coat over his arm.) 
blanche: When I think of how divine it is going to be to have 
such a thing as privacy once more—I could weep with joy! 

Stanley: This millionaire from Dallas is not going to interfere 
with your privacy any? 

blanche: It won’t be the sort of thing you have in mind. This 
man is a gentleman and he respects me. (Improvising feverishly.) 
What he wants is my companionship. Having great wealth some¬ 
times makes people lonely! 

Stanley: I wouldn’t know about that. 

blanche: A cultivated woman, a woman of intelligence and breed¬ 
ing, can enrich a man’s life—immeasurably! I have those things 
to offer, and this doesn't take them away. Physical beauty is 
passing. A transitory possession. But beauty of the mind and rich¬ 
ness of the spirit and tenderness of the heart—and I have all of 
those things—aren't taken away, but grow! Increase with the 
years! How strange that I should be called a destitute woman! 
When I have all of these treasures locked in my heart. (A choked 
sob comes from her.) I think of myself as a very, very rich woman! 
nut I have been foolish—casting my pearls before swine! 

Stanley: Swine, huh? 

blanche: Yes, swine! Swine! And I’m thinking not only of you 

but of your friend, Mr. Mitchell. He came to see me tonight. He 

dared to come here in his work-clothes! And to repeat slander to 

me vicious stories that he had gotten from you! I gave him his 
walking papers ... 6 

STANLEY: You did, huh? 


blanche: But then he came back. He returned with a box of roses 
th - Cg ^ or f Ive ? ess! He implored my forgiveness. But some 
is th 6S arC n °r forglvabIe - D «>iberate cruelty is not forgivable. It 

f whi°ch e rh 6 Vab ‘ e tiling ^ " ,y ° pini0n and “ is ^ one thing 

said to him •TH n T r ’ neVOT bCen *“"* And s ° 1 ‘old him, ! 

we iulri f y ° U ’ bU * if Was foolish ° f ‘o think that 

we could ever adapt ourselves to each other. Our ways of life 

99 


[ SCENE X 

are too different. Our attitudes and our backgrounds are incom¬ 
patible. We have to be realistic about such things. So farewell, 
my friend! And let there be no hard feelings . . . 

Stanley: Was this before or after the telegram came from the 
Texas oil millionaire? 

blanche: What telegram? No! No, after! As a matter of fact, the 
wire came just as- 

Stanley: As a matter of fact there wasn't no wire at all! 
blanche: Oh, oh! 

Stanley: There isn't no millionaire! And Mitch didn’t come back 

with roses ’cause I know where he is- 

blanche: Oh! 

Stanley: There isn't a goddam thing but imagination! 
blanche: Oh! 

Stanley: And lies and conceit and tricks! 
blanche: Oh! 

Stanley: And look at yourself! Take a look at yourself in that 
worn-out Mardi Gras outfit, rented for fifty cents from some rag¬ 
picker! And with the crazy crown on! What queen do you think 
you are? 

blanche: Oh—God ... 

STANLEY: I've been on to you from the start! Not once did you 
pull any wool over this boy's eyes! You come in here and sprinkle 
the place with powder and spray perfume and cover the light-bulb 
with a paper lantern, and lo and behold the place has turned into 
Egypt and you are the Queen of the Nile! Sitting on your throne 
and swilling down my liquor! I say— Ha— Ha! Do you hear me? 
Ha — ba — ha! (He walks into the bedroom.) 

blanche: Don’t come in here! 

(Lurid refections appear on the walls around blanche, lbe 
shadows are of a grotesque and menacing form. She catches her 
breath, crosses to the phone and jiggles the book. Stanley goes 

into the bathroom and closes the door .) 

Operator, operator! Give me long-distance, please. ... I want 
to get in touch with Mr. Shep Huntleigh of Dallas. He's so well- 
known he doesn't require any address. Just ask anybody who— 

IOO 


SCENE XI 

1 C0U ! dn ’ t find k ri S ht now - • • • Please understand, 
No. No, wait! ... One moment! Someone is—Nothing! 
Hold on, please! 6 

^ Sb * SetS . tbe P bone down and crosses warily into the kitchen. 

( tu 6 T 8 ? 1 lS J ille > d , Wlth inbum <™ voices like cries in a jungle. 

( be shadows and lurid refections move sinuously as fames along 

the wall spaces. 

(Through the back wall of the rooms, which have become irons- 
parent, can be seen the s,dewalk. A prostitute has rolled a drunkard 
He pursues her along the walk, overtakes her and there is a struggle 
A policeman s whistle breaks it up. The figures disappear 
{Some moments later the negro woman appears Zound the 
corner with a sequined bag which the prostitute bad dropped on 
the walk. She is rooting excitedly through it 
(blanche presses her knuckles to her lips and returns slowly to 
the phone. She speaks in a hoarse whisper.) 

SioT™ 0pera ■° rl Never mind lon S^'*"ce. Get Western 

Umon. There ,sn t tune to be-Westem-Westem Union! 

{She waits anxiously.) 

Western Union? Yes! I—want to-_ t a 

Jrom the telephone, steady and rasping ) 

Stanley: You left th’ phone off th' hook. 

l§HgPS? 

sound Of it turns into the roar ofZ apZZZb * ^ ^ 

. 

Blanche {finally straightening):^ me-fet m e g et by you| ^ 



[ SCENE X 

Stanley: Get by me? Sure. Go ahead. (He moves back a pace in 
tbe doorway.) 

blanche: You—you stand over there! (She indicates a further 
position.) 

Stanley (grinning): You got plenty of room to walk by me now. 
blanche: Not with you there! But I’ve got to get out somehow! 

STANLEY: You think I’ll interfere with you? Ha-ha! 

(Tbe "blue piano ” goes softly. She turns confusedly and makes 
a faint gesture. The inhuman jungle voices rise up. He takes a step 
towards her, biting bis tongue which protrudes between bis lips.) 
Stanley (softly): Come to think of it—maybe you wouldn’t be 
bad to—interfere with . . . 

(blanche moves backward through tbe door into the bedroom.) 
blanche: Stay back! Don't you come towards me another step or 

I’ll- 

STANLEY: What? 

blanche: Some awful thing will happen! It will! 

Stanley: What are you putting on now? 

(They are now both inside the bedroom.) 

blanche: I warn you, don’t, I’m in danger! 

(He takes another step. She smashes a bottle on tbe table and 
faces him, clutching tbe broken top.) 

Stanley: What did you do that for? 

blanche: So I could twist the broken end in your face! 


Stanley: I bet you would do that! 
blanche: I would! I will if you 

STANLEY: Oh! So you want some rough-house! All right, lets 


have some rough-house! . . t 

{He springs towards her, overturning tbe table. She cries out a 

strikes at him with tbe bottle top but be catches her wrist.) 

T j gcr —tiger! Drop the bottle-top! Drop it! We ve had this da 

with each other from the beginning! 

(She moans. The bottle-top falls. She sinks toher knees.He 
up her inert figure and carries her to tbe bed. Tbefot run p 
and drums from tbe Four Deuces sound loudly.) 


102 


Scene Eleven 





It is some weeks later, stella is packing Blanche’s things. Sound 
of water can be beard running in the bathroom. 

The portibes are partly open on the poker players —Stanley, steve, 
mitch and pablo —who sit around the table in the kitchen. The 

atmosphere of the kitchen is now the same raw , lurid one of the dis¬ 
astrous poker night. 

The building is framed by the sky of turquoise, stella has been crying 
as she arranges the flowery dresses in the open trunk. 

Eunice comes down the steps from her flat above and enters the kitchen. 
There is an outburst from the poker table. 

Stanley: Drew to an inside straight and made it, by God. 

pablo: Maldita sea tu suerto! 

STANLEY: Put it in English, greaseball. 

pablo: I am cursing your goddam luck. 

STANLEY (prodigiously elaUd): You know what luck is? Luck is 
believing you’re lucky. Take at Salerno. I believed I was lucky. I 
figured that 4 out of 5 would not come through but I would 
and I did. I put that down as a rule. To hold front position in 
this rat-race you’ve got to believe you are lucky. 

rrrjsr ■ ■ * you • ■ ■ you - • • • Brag • • • *** • •. 

(stella goes into the bedroom and starts folding a dress.) 
Stanley: What’s the matter with him? 

Eunice (walking past tbs tabls): I always did say that men are 
ous things with no feelings, but this does "beat anydiing 

I yOUrSelVeS ' * PortiL into 

103 .» 



[ SCENE XI 


Stanley: What's the matter with her? 
stella: How is my baby? 

Eunice: Sleeping like a little angel. Brought you some grapes. 
(Sbe puts them on a stool and lowers her voice.) Blanche? 

stella: Bathing. 

Eunice: How is she? 

stella: She wouldn't eat anything but asked for a drink. 

Eunice: What did you tell her? 

stella: I—just told her that—we'd made arrangements for her 
to rest in the country. She's got it mixed in her mind with Shep 
Huntleigh. 

(blanche opens tbe bathroom door slightly.) 
blanche: Stella. 
stella: Yes, Blanche? 

blanche: If anyone calls while I'm bathing take the number and 
tell them I'll call right back. 


stella: Yes. 

blanche: That cool yellow silk—the boucl£. See if it’s crushed. 
If it’s not too crushed I'll wear it and on the lapel that silver and 
turquoise pin in the shape of a seahorse. You will find them m 
the heart-shaped box I keep my accessories in. And Stella . . • 
Try and locate a bunch of artificial violets in that box, too, to 
pin with the seahorse on the lapel of the jacket. 

(Sbe closes tbe door, stella turns to Eunice.) 

stella: I don’t know if I did the right tiling. 


Eunice: What else could you do? 

stella: I couldn’t believe her story and go on living with Stanley. 
Eunice: Don’t ever believe it. Life has got to go on. No matter 

what happens, you’ve got to keep on going. 

(Tbe bathroom door opens a little.) 


BLANCHE 

STELLA*. 

looking. 


{looking out): Is the coast clear? 

Yes, Blanche. {To Eunice.) Tell her how well she’s 

104 


SCENE XI2 

blanche: Please close the curtains before I come out. 
stella: They’re closed. 

Stanley: —How many for you? 
pablo: Two.— 

STEVE: —Three. 

(blanche appears in tbe amber light of the door. She has a 
tragic radiance in her red satin robe following tbe sculptural lines 
of her body. Tbe "Varsouviana” rises audibly as blanche enters 

tbe bedroom.) 

blanche {with faintly hysterical vivacity ): I have just washed my 
hair. 

stella: Did you? 

blanche: I'm not sure I got the soap out. 

Eunice: Such fine hair! 

blanche ( accepting tbe compliment ): It’s a problem. Didn’t I get 
a call? 

stella: Who from, Blanche? 
blanche: Shep Huntleigh . . . 
stella: Why, not yet, honey! 
blanche: How strange! I- 

{At tbe sound of Blanche’s voice mitch’s arm supporting bis 
cards has sagged and bis gaze is dissolved into space. Stanley 

slaps bim on tbe shoulder .) 

Stanley: Hey, Mitch, come to! 

sound °f tbis new voice shocks blanche. Sbe makes a 
shocked gesture, forming bis name with her lips, stella nods and 

looks quickly away, blanche stands quite still for some moments 
tbe silverbacked mirror in her band and a look of sorrowful 
perplexity as though all human experience shows on ber face. 
blanche finally speaks but with sudden hysteria.) 
blanche: What's going on here? 

{Sb' turns from stella to Eunice and back to stella. Her 
nsing votce penetrates tbe concentration of tbe game, mitch ducks 

105 


I SCENE XI 

bis bead lower but Stanley shoves back bis chair as if about to 
rise, steve places a restraining band on bis arm .) 
blanche ( continuing ): What’s happened here? I want an explana¬ 
tion of what's happened here. 
stella ( agonizingly ): Hush! Hush! 

Eunice: Hush! Hush! Honey. 
stella: Please, Blanche. 

blanche: Why are you looking at me like that? Is something 
wrong with me? 

Eunice: You look wonderful, Blanche. Don't she look wonderful? 
stella: Yes. 

Eunice: I understand you are going on a trip. 
stella: Yes, Blanche is. She’s going on vacation. 

Eunice: I'm green with envy. 
blanche: Help me, help me get dressed! 

stella ( banding ber dress): Is this what you- 

blanche: Yes, it will do! I'm anxious to get out of here—this 
place is a trap! 

Eunice: What a pretty blue jacket. 
stella: It’s lilac coloured. 

blanche: You're both mistaken. It's Della Robbia blue. The 
blue of the robe in the old Madonna pictures. Are these grapes 

washed? 

(Sbe fingers the buncb of grapes wbicb Eunice bad brought in.) 
Eunice: Huh? 

blanche: Washed, I said. Are they washed? 

Eunice: They’re from the French Market. 

blanche: That doesn't mean they've been washed. ( The cathedral 
bells cbime.) Those cathedral bells—they're the only clean thing in 
the Quarter. Well, I’m going now. I'm ready to go. 

Eunice ( whispering ): She's going to walk out before they get 

here. 

stella: Wait, Blanche. 

blanche: I don’t want to pass in front of those men. 

106 


SCENE XII 

Eunice: Then wait’ll the game breaks up. 
stella: Sit down and . . . 

(blanche turns weakly , hesitantly about. She lets them push her 

into a chair .) 

blanche: I can smell the sea air. The rest of my time I'm going 
to spend on the sea. And when I die, I’m going to die on the 
sea. You know what I shall die of? (She plucks a grape.) I shall die 
of eating an unwashed grape one day out on the ocean. I will 
<h e with my hand in the hand of some nice-looking ship’s doctor, 
a very young one with a small blond moustache and a big silver 
watch. Poor lady,” they’ll say, “the quinine did her no good. 
That unwashed grape has transported her soul to heaven.” ( The 
cathedral chimes are beard.) And I’ll be buried at sea sewn up in a 
clean white sack and dropped overboard—at noon—in the blaze 

of summer—and into]an ocean as blue as ( chimes again) my first 
lover's eyes! 

{A doctor and a matron have appeared around the corner of 
the building and climbed the steps to the porch. The gravity of 
their profession is exaggerated—the unmistakable aura of the 
state institution with its cynical detachment. The doctor rings 
the doorbell. The murmur of the game is interrupted.) 

EUNICE ( whispering to stella): That must be them. 

(stella presses herfsts to her lips.) 
blanche ( rising slowly ): What is it? 

Eunice ( affectedly casual): Excuse me while I see who’s at the 
door. 


stella: Yes. 

(Eunice goes into the kitchen.) 
blanche {tensely): I wonder if it's for me. 

t whispered colloquy takes place at the door.) 

Eunice ( returning , brightly): Someone is calling for Blanche. 

L L Z CHE j 1* “ f ° r t me ’ then! ^ Sbt ^ks fearfully from one to tbe 
Other and then to tbe portibres. Tbe "Varsoxwiana" faintly plays.) h 

U the gentleman I was expecting from Dallas? 

107 


c SCENE XI 


Eunice: I think it is, Blanche. 
blanche: I’m not quite ready. 
stella: Ask him to wait outside. 
blanche: I . . . 

(eunice goes back to the portibes. Drums sound very softly.) 
stella: Everything packed? 
blanche: My silver toilet articles are still out. 
stella: Ah! 

Eunice ( returning): They're waiting in front of the house. 
blanche: They! Who’s “they”? 

Eunice: There's a lady with him. 

blanche: I cannot imagine who this "lady” could be! How is 
she dressed? 

Eunice: Just—just a sort of a—plain-tailored outfit. 

blanche: Possibly she's- (Her voice dies out nervously.) 

stella: Shall we go, Blanche? 
blanche: Must we go through that room? 
stella: I will go with you. 
blanche: How do I look? 
stella: Lovely. 

Eunice {echoing): Lovely. 

(blanche moves fearfully to the portibes. eunice draws them 
open for her. blanche goes into the kitchen.) 

blanche {to the men): Please don’t get up. I'm only passing 
through. 

{She crosses quickly to outside door, stella and eunice follow. 
The poker players stand awkwardly at the table—all except 
mitch, who remains seated , looking down at the table, blanche 
steps out on a small porch at the side of the door. She stops short 

and catches her breath.) 

doctor: How do you do? 

blanche: You are not the gentleman I was expecting. {She sud¬ 
denly gasps and starts back up the steps. She stops by stella, wbo 

108 


SCENE XJ] 

stands just outside the door, and speaks in a frightening whisper.) That 
man isn't Shep Huntleigh. 

(The "Varsouviana” is playing distantly. 

(stella stares back at blanche. Eunice is bolding stella’s 
arm. There is a moment of silence—no sound but that of Stanley 

steadily shuffling the cards. 

(blanche catches her breath again and slips back into the fat. 
She enters the flat with a peculiar smile, her eyes wide and 
brilliant. As soon as her sister goes past her, stella closes her 
eyes and clenches her bands. Eunice throws her arms comfort¬ 
ingly about her. Then she starts up. to her flat, blanche stops 
just inside the door, mitch keeps staring down at bis bands on 
the table, but the other men look at her curiously. At last she starts 
around the table towards the bedroom. As she does, Stanley 
suddenly pushes back bis chair and rises as if to block her way. 

The matron follows her into the flat.) 

Stanley: Did you forget something? 

blanche (Shrilly): Yes! Yes, I forgot something! 

(She rushes past him into the bedroom. Lurid reflections appear 
on the walls in odd, sinuous shapes. The "Varsouviana” is filtered 
into a weird distortion, accompanied by the cries and noises of 
the jungle, blanche seizes the back of a chair as if to defend 

herself .) 

STANLEY: Doc, you better go in. 

doctor (motioning to the matron): Nurse, bring her out. 

(The matron advances on one side, Stanley on the other. 
Divested of all the softer properties of womanhood, the matron 
" * P ecullar ly sinister figure in her severe dress. Her voice is bold 

and toneless as a fire-bell.) 
matron: Hello, Blanche. 


Ff L eting 1S ecboed and re-echoed by other mysterious voices 
tTld tbe walls > as if reverberated through a canyon of rock.) 
Stanley. She says that she forgot something. 

(The echo sounds in threatening whispers.) 
matron: That's all right. 


109 


[ SCENE XI 


Stanley: What did you forget, Blanche? 
blanche: I—I- 

matron: It don’t matter. We can pick it up later. 

Stanley: Sure. We can send it along with the trunk. 

blanche ( retreating in panic): I don't know you—I don’t know 
you. I want to be—left alone—please! 

matron: Now, Blanche! 

echoes {rising and falling ): Now, Blanche—now, Blanche—now, 
Blanche! 

Stanley: You left nothing here but spilt talcum and old empty 
perfume bottles—unless it's the paper lantern you want to take 
with you. You want the lantern? 

(He crosses to dressing-table and seizes tbe paper lantern, tear¬ 
ing it off the light bulb, and extends it towards her. She cries 
out as if tbe lantern was herself. Tbe matron steps boldly towards 
her. She screams and tries to break past tbe matron. All tbe 
men spring to tbeir feet, stella runs out to tbe porch, with 
Eunice following to comfort ber, simultaneously with tbe con¬ 
fused voices of tbe men in the kitchen, stella rushes into Eunice's 

embrace on tbe porch.) 

stella: Oh, my God, Eunice help me! Don't let them do that to 
her, don’t let them hurt her! Oh, God, oh, please God, don’t hurt 
her! What are they doing to her? What are they doing? ( She tries 
to break from Eunice's arms.) 

Eunice: No, honey, no, no, honey. Stay here. Don’t go back in 
there. Stay with me and don't look. 

stella: What have I done to my sister? Oh, God, what have I 
done to my sister? 

Eunice: You done the right thing, the only thing you could do. 
She couldn’t stay here; there wasn’t no other place for her to go. 

(While stella and Eunice are speaking on tbe porch tbe voices 

of tbe men in the kitchen overlap them.) 

STANLEY {running in from tbe bedroom): Hey! Hey! Doctor! 
Doctor, you better go in! 

110 


SCENE XT'] 


doctor: Too bad, too bad. I always like to avoid it. 
pablo: This is a very bad thing. 

steve: This is no way to do it. She should've been told. 


pablo: Madre de Dios! Cosa mala, muy, muy mala! 


(mitch has started towards the bedroom. Stanley crosses to 

block him.) 

mitch [wildly): You! You done this, all o' your God damn inter¬ 
fering with things you- 

Stanley: Quit the blubber! {He pushes him aside.) 

mitch: I 11 kill you! {He lunges and strikes at Stanley.) 

Stanley: Hold this bone-headed cry-baby! 

steve (grasping mitch): Stop it, Mitch. 

pablo: Yeah, yeah, take it easy! 

(mitch collapses at the table, sobbing. 

{During the preceding scenes, the matron catches bold oj 
Blanche's arm and prevents her fight, blanche turns wildly 
and scratches at the matron. The heavy woman pinions her arms. 
blanche cries out hoarsely and slips to her knees.) 

matron: These fingernails have to be trimmed. {The doctor 
comes into the room and she looks at him.) Jacket, Doctor? 

doctor: Not unless necessary. 

{He takes off bis bat and now becomes personalized. The un~ 
uman quality goes. His voice is gentle and reassuring as be 
crosses to blanche and crouches in front of her. As be speaks 
her name , her terror subsides a little. The lurid refections fade 
Jrom the walls, the inhuman cries and noises die out and her 

own hoarse crying is calmed.) 
doctor: Miss DuBois. 


{She turns her face to him and stares at him with desperate 

It vvnn’i- J adlng ‘ He smiles > tben h * speaks to the matron.) 
it won t be necessary. ' 


blanche {faintly): Ask her to let go of me. 
doctor {to the matron): Let go. 


Ill 


[ SCENE XI 

(The matron releases her. blanche extends her bands towards 
the doctor. He draws her up gently and supports her with bis 
arm and leads her through the portieres.) 

blanche (bolding tight to his arm): Whoever you are—I have 
always depended on the kindness of strangers. 

(The poker players stand back as blanche and the doctor cross 
the kitchen to the front door. She allows him to lead her as if 
she were blind. As they go out on the porch, stella cries out 
her sister’s name from where she is crouched a few steps upon the 

stairs.) 

stella: Blanche! Blanche, Blanche! 

(blanche walks on without turning, followed by the doctor 
and the matron. They go around the corner of the building. 
(eunice descends to stella and places the child in her arms. 
It is wrapped in a pale blue blanket, stella accepts the child, 
sobbingly. Eunice continues downstairs and enters the kitchen 
where the men, except for Stanley, are reluming silently to their 
places about the table. Stanley has gone out on the porch and 
stands at the foot of the steps looking at stella.) 

STANLEY (a bit uncertainly): Stella? 

(She sobs with inhuman abandon. There is something luxurious 
in her complete surrender to crying now that her sister is gone.) 

Stanley ( voluptuously, soothingly): Now, honey. Now, love. No , 
now, love. (He kneels beside her and his fingers find the opening oj 

her blouse.) Now, now, love. Now, love. ... 

(The luxurious sobbing, the sensual murmur fade away under 
the swelling music of the ”blue piano” and the muted trumpet.) 

STEVE: This game is seven-card stud. 

curtain 