kholdstare6:
Heracross, I hate you.

Headbutt, Headbutt, Headbutt, Spearow, Spearow, Aipom.

I'll find you some day. I know it.

saturos_4_ever:
Every time I see someone complaining here about that it reminds me of how I always seem to get one first try. No joke, I'm the luckiest person I know when it comes to getting a Heracross.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Well that certainly makes me feel better.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 3

I'm getting desperate. To the point that I now believe that the developers forgot to program Heracross in my version of Gold.

"Qui, Quilava!"

But Quilava's right. We're not going to give up. In retrospect, all the HEADBUTTing may just have given the poor soul brain damage. But the hunt for Heracross continues.

"Hunt for Heracross." I like that. I smell a movie deal.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 4

Quilava has evolved into Typhlosion, Bulbasaur is now a Venusaur, and the corpses of at least 537 Aipom and 629 Spearow litter the base of the trees near Mt. Mortar.

I only say 537 and 629 because that's when I lost count.

I believe that to go on for this long without encountering one Heracross is impossible. I probably ran away from one. That's it. It makes perfect sense.

"Toge, Togetic!"

Yes, I know we're going for a 250-ful Pokedex during this playthrough.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 5

I tried surfing across the water to the other trees near Mt. Mortar. I ran into a Seaking on the first wild encounter. I killed it out of spite, but my next encounter showed me another Seaking.

I decided to go for a little break and decided to venture into the actual mountain itself. I found a guy in the back room with some rare fighting Pokemon. I beat them, and he wanted to give me a rare Pokemon.

I couldnt take it with me because my party consisted of an overleveled Typhlosion, four Aipom, and a Seaking.

I threw my Game Boy against the wall in anger and cried a little.

If anyone finds this log, please don't think that I'm kidding or doing this for laughs. Professor Oak, if you find this you can go to hell for putting me on this wild goose chase.

I... I really can't find a Heracross.

I turned on my Game Boy and saw that I didn't save. I'm still standing in front of the tree that I've been standing in front of for days.

That tree... That ****ing tree.

I'd move like a friendly passengerby said to Azalea, behind that old psycho's house, but if I move now, Heracross will laugh at me.

It's true. I hear it.

"Aipom, Aipom!"

YOU SHUT HE HELL UP!

Ty, keep up the HEADBUTTs.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 6

I woke up today without knowing with a Game Boy out of batteries and still no Heracross in my Pokeball.

I hear it's amazing when the famous purple stuffed worm in flap-jaw space with the tuning fork does a raw blink on Hara-kiri Rock. I need scissors! 61!

I'm sorry about that. I thought I was being attacked.

I DRINK YOUR MILKSHAKE! I DRINK IT UP!

I don't know what I'm talking about anymore. Sometimes I look at the trees and I get so happy that they are supporting life. It's beautiful. Beautiful like a woman.

I put my arms around that tree, guys, I did. I put the Game Boy on the floor and I stepped into it. The music is enough to drive anybody to insanity.

Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality.

I climbed that tree. At the tippy toppy top top, I found him. A Heracross. The Perfect Heracross. He had Megahorn. He could learn Thunderbolt, an accurate Octazooka, and he could give me love. Love that I could hold on to.

That's when I noticed that my Game Boy was out of batteries. I'm on my floor, and there's loneliness and an empty bottle of Jack Daniels next to me.

I need some batteries.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 8

Wal Mart. A place devoid of intelligent life. A place devoid of humanity. A place devoid of lights.

This is because I'm standing outside of the store and it's 1:24 in the morning.

In retrospect, I probably would have made better progress at getting batteries if I came here earlier. But I was too busy drowning in a pool of Raisin Bran Crunch.

I was hungry. It was breakfast. Get the hell off my back.

There are three cars in the big, empty except for three cars parking lot.

If I only I hadn't started this quest for a 250 Pokedex. It's impossible. Professor Oak is a douche. A douche meant to clean the unmentionables of a lady. A lady who wears "Foxy Lady" t-shirts even though she has no right to. The kind of shirt you get at Wal Mart.

Wal Mart. A place full of "Foxy Lady" t-shirts.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 10

**** it.

satinangora:
No! Don't give up!

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 10 (continued)

I have to. There is simply no way that I can go for 10 days without seeing one Heracross.

Just one Heracross. 10 days.

I had better luck finding a Chansey. That only took a good 15 minutes. I'm not even entirely sure what I'm doing anymore.

I mean I have all the damn tools.

A HEADBUTTer, a couple of Great Balls, a few Ultra Balls, a Haunter with Mean Look and Hypnosis, a Scyther with False Swipe, link cables, Pokemon Red, Blue, and Silver, lots of free time, a 6 pack of Cherry Coke...

I mean, I could catch the Legendary Trio quite easily with such a setup.

And guess what? I have captured them. I wasn't even trying to look for those bastards and they popped up all like "Looking for Heracross?"

I'm afraid that if I keep this charade up, then I'll lose whatever sense of sanity I have left. I don't know if I can keep this up.

My wife left me. My kids won't talk to me.

One of my daughters is pregnant. I'm a terrible father and an irresponsible human being.

CJayC. If you are still somewhere up there, you fabled being, please let today be the day that I find a Heracross. I know that my neglect caused me to turn the ones I love away from me, but with your help, maybe I can catch a Heracross.

With Heracross, I'll be able to make up for everything that I've done wrong. I'll show it to my kids, my wife, and we'll all go back to where we were before.

I'll be able to pay back saturos_4_ever, ashleyamk, Blackthorne2050, satinangora, Mega Cell, TwinBladeHax, In2DaBMage, BostonFuse51, iROFL, and 1afteranother for keeping me company all those lonely, lonely hours in front of the trees.

You all never gave up on me. I... I love you all. And I'm going to catch Heracross. With you all as my light. With CJayC as my guide. With Typhlosion as my HEADBUTTer.

It's time to make things right.

nomtank57:
Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree...

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 12

Still no luck.

A friendly passerby walked by and told me that he heard my story and said that he would pray for me. I am glad that there are still some friendly people in the world.

I'm not going to let the amazing luck of everybody else turn me away from completing my Pokedex, as another just-as-friendly passerby told me.

> "Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree..."

I mean, I've only HEADBUTTed tens of thousands of trees and I haven't seen one. Freakin'. Heracross.

> "Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree..."

But I'm not giving up. On the plus side, I've traded over an Omanyte and a Kabuto from Pokemon Red and Blue. Two steps closer to the 250. It feels like a good day. Despite the fact that I've almost spent two weeks looking for a Bug Pokemon I'm not even sure I want in my main party anymore.

> "Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree..."

But one by one, I'm going to get there.

> "Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree..."

And when the day comes, I can finally rest.

> "Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree..."

I won't be discouraged.

> "Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree..."

> "Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree..."

> "Just thought I'd chime in and say I caught one on my fifth tree..."

I had to run to the local Pokemart to pick up a couple more bottles of Prozac, for when those meanie weanie voices tell me that I'll never find a Heracross.

But I'm not going to listen to them. HAHAHahahaHAHA.

RiGHt gUYs?! MeheheEHehehe.

lunar44:
afeter reading this I whent up to a random tree and headbutted it for the fun of it 1st try heracross i didnt want it so i killed it :(

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 15

This is amazing. My story is being told. People from all over the world are coming to my tree and bidding me good luck.

I met someone form CNN last night. She told me that the tree that I have been HEADBUTTing will be named The Picard Tree, named after my Typhlosion.

I mean there are a few that choose to heckle my crusade, but I won't give in to them. I mean... who would kill a Heracross?

At the very least they could have caught it and traded it to me. I have lots of other Pokemon. I could have traded it to them. Isn't that what this ****ing game is about?! I CATCH SOMETHING. YOU CATCH SOMETHING. I NEED IT. WE ****ING PUT OUR GAME BOYS TOGETHER AND THE EVOLUTION MUSIC PLAYS AND WE BOTH GET WHAT WE WANT.

WHY THE HELL WOULD YOU KILL A HERACROSS? YOU KNOW HOW MUCH PAIN I'VE GONE THROUGH IN FRONT OF THIS DAMN THING.

I wanted one so much.

So much.

And you. You just killed it.

I don't ask for much, you know. ARGHUARGH. Just one Pokemon. I mean, there's 250 of them. Haha. GRAUGHRAGH.

lunar44, can I ask you something?

Why?

Why, lunar44? Do you... do you like to see me cry?

MY TYPHLOSION HAS BEEN WORKING HIS DAMN HEAD OFF FOR 15 MOTHER-****ING DAYS NOW. FIF. TEEN. DAYS.

blk_mage... hold me... please. My wife. She won't call me back. I've lost complete control of my life. Mega Cell, you care about me, don't you? I know you do. You believe in me. Well, I... I need you.

I need someone.

Just a few more minutes of searching for tonight. A FEW MORE. Haha.

Picard, keep on HEADBUTTing.

greenandyellow:
You're going to find a shiny Spearow before a Heracross.

Gidder_Elok:
Catching Heracross is a sport to me. I have about 30 in my PC, and a shiny of course.

satinangora:
Poor man, your life has fallen apart because of this. If I could find you, I would give you my Heracross but, alas, I am still searching for a Pineco. One day, our dreams will be realized. And for your sake, I pray yours are first. You might want to ice your Typhlosion's, wouldn't want to lose a faithful companion.

Don't give up my friend. High up in those trees sent from the 7th circle of Hell is a Heracross waiting for you to liberate it. If you're quiet, you might be able to hear it even now... "kholdstare6, help me! Save me from this terrible fate!"

Electivire156:
If i could, I would give you my Heracross!!

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 20

I'm sad to say that I have decided to give my Typhlosion bed rest after repeatedly slamming his head against a tree for 19 days straight.

Supposedly, this would do some damage to Picard's head. Who knew?

So instead of the usual outpour of my emotions, I have decided to read some of the fan mail that I have been receiving from the friendly people of the world. And also because the antidepressants don't allow me to outpour any emotion.

Anyway.

> "Dude,
> 
> You're going to find a shiny Spearow before a Heracross."

-greenandyellow

Well I don't have a shiny Spearow but I do have an exclusive, shiny red Gyarados. They tell me it's pretty rare.

> "Dear Mr. stare6,
> 
> Catching Heracross is a sport to me. I have about 30 in my PC, and a shiny of course."

From, Gidder_Elok

I would advise catching other Pokemon. SO I COULD GET MY HANDS ON ONE OF THOSE DAMN THINGS.

Be right back. Pills.

Okay, all good. Moving right along.

> "To khold,
> 
> Poor man, your life has fallen apart because of this. If I could find you, I would give you my Heracross but, alas, I am still searching for a Pineco. One day, our dreams will be realized. And for your sake, I pray yours are first. You might want to ice your Typhlosion's, wouldn't want to lose a faithful companion.
> 
> Don't give up my friend. High up in those trees sent from the 7th circle of Hell is a Heracross waiting for you to liberate it. If you're quiet, you might be able to hear it even now... "kholdstare6, help me! Save me from this terrible fate!"

Sincerely, satinangora

Ah, satin. Good ol' satin. Thank you. If only, if only. The woodpecker cries. The bark on the wood was a little bit softer. So I could catch a Heracross.

> "Sup man,
> 
> If i could, I would give you my Heracross!!

Electivire156

I would accept your gentle offer, sir. But I need to do this. For my family. For myself. For satinangora. For the rest of the board.

Mega Cell and Blackthorne stopped by today. They told me some Spaceball jokes and I cheered up a bit actually. I'm actually almost glad that I haven't caught a Heracross yet.

Almost.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Day 30

It's been a month.

Amazing. Time flies when you're searching for the impossible. But that's the American Dream isn't it?

There's that faint green light across the docks that you reach out to, but in the end you end up getting shot in your pool.

I look at Picard Tree and I see that I've neglected it. The leaves have started to brown and orange. There are cobwebs in the branches. The skeletons of Spearows and Aipoms have formed a neat circle around the tree's base, as if warning future trainers of the danger of dreams, and dreaming.

And then I go inside my house and I see the TV, that has covered me and my Typhlosion's lengthy journey. The merchandise that all those companies made to profit from my misery. The flame-throwers. The lunchboxes. The Wheaties boxes. I see the letters from the people of the world, some nice, some terrible. All fascinating.

Didn't I achieve something? I may not have caught my elusive Heracross but in the end, doesn't all of this mean something?

I have something that I didn't have before I started this. This is it. I made it. But is it what I wanted?

Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?

I think I'm caught in a landslide. And I'm not sure if I can escape that reality. But maybe if I open my eyes, look up to the skies and see... some day I'm going to catch my damn Heracross.

Blackthorne2050:
You're just a trainer; you need no sympathy.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
You're right. I'm easy come, easy go. From high places, and the low. Any way the GUST blows, it doesn't really matter to me.

TwinBladeHax:
Kholdstare...Just killed Heracross...Put Fearow to it's head, used Drill Peck and no he's dead.

Blackthorne2050:
Kholdstare, your search had just begun,
But now you've gone and chased them all away!
Hera, noooo-oo-oo-ooooooo!
Didn't mean to make you flee!
Please be back in this tree this time tomorrow...

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Until then carry on, carry on, as if completing my Pokedex didn't matter.

Ah, but it's too late. The time has come. It's sending shivers down my spine and Picard's body is aching all the time.

Goodbye everybody, I think I've got to go. I have to leave this crazy quest behind and face the truth.

Heracross, oh, Heracross. I don't want to give you up. Sometimes I wish I'd never started this quest at all.

*guitar solo*

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
*sigh*

I was actually deciding which song was more fit to close the saga of Picard and the Heracross tree. I had it down to Bohemian Rhapsody and the almighty Rick Roll.

As you can see, I went with Queen but I could always count on you guys to bring up Mr. Astley. If I was ever going to make one good topic during my 4 years here on GameFAQs, let it be this topic.

And in all truth and seriousness, the Picard tree has grown cobwebs. Mostly because I never did get to buy batteries for my Game Boy. And the fact that my Game Boy is at home and I moved to a college dorm sometime in late September. I'll continue it someday. And hopefully the internal clock won't run out because I still have to raise Eevees to Umbreon and Espeon.

Above all that though, you know what really made this topic worth coming back to? Hm?

You guys. That's right. This was a team effort. And it is I who salutes you. And Heracross, I do not hate you. I love you. With all my heart. One day, my friend. One day.

And with that, good night sweet princes. May flocks of angels fly you to your sleep.

Any way the wind blows... *gong*

pikachu54673:
Ugh. I remember when I went on a heracross mission.

Took me like 4 days +_+

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Better 4 than... 30. Hah.

satinangora 17 years:
> "You guys. That's right. This was a team effort. And it is I who salutes you. And Heracross, I do not hate you. I love you. With all my heart. One day, my friend. One day."

I will carry the memories of our plights with me for the rest of my life. Before I heard about your quest, my life was empty. On the verge of ending it all, your persistence gave me hope. And a dream. I headbutted trees endlessly in search of a Pineco but, like you to know avail. But today, this glorious day, I've found my Pineco. And not just any Pineco, no sir, a shiny Pineco. In honor of you, I have named him, "KHS6". Thank you, you're an inspiration.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Oh god, I think I'm actually crying now.


Sheeensta:
Ah, and this is how the story ends. O blessed Lord, doth I be weeping now?

hylianarmy:
You know, when I look back on all of this, I can't help but think that this is a joke topic.

You did try the trees in Azalea Town right? And what about the Bug-Catching Contest in the National Park? Did you try there?

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
It sorta hurts when you call it a joke topic you know.

And I never bothered with Azalean trees. I figured "Oh jeez, I caught a Pineco there. Not even gonna try."

As for the Bug Catching contests, they gave me a Pinsir and a Scyther, but I thought that the only way to get a Heracross was HEADBUTTing.

hylianarmy:
It's just the idea that a failure on this epic a scale... dang.

And,to me, it seems that every Heracross I've ever found since I got this game in 2004 has been in the trees behind Kurt's house in Azalea Town.

Mainecoon88:
So, inspired by this topic (I didn't even care about Heracross before) I decided to catch one of my own. I went to Azalea town completely unprepared with only a Magneton using Thunder Wave and Sonicboom to help me, and decided to headbutt some trees. This was at night, and I chose the tree furthest to the right behind Kurt's house to headbutt. In about 5 minutes I had found 6 Heracross, and managed to catch the last one before it could flee.

I really almost have to call joke topic here too. Not that this topic isn't god damned hilarious, mind you, but it took me five minutes to catch one. Not five days. Or even five hours. Minutes. And for the record the first TWO pokemon to fall out of that tree when I headbutted it were Heracross. You cannot seriously have luck that bad.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
> "I really almost have to call joke topic here too. Not that this topic isn't god damned hilarious, mind you, but it took me five minutes to catch one. Not five days. Or even five hours. Minutes. And for the record the first TWO pokemon to fall out of that tree when I headbutted it were Heracross. You cannot seriously have luck that bad."

Alright, come on. To be fair, I was only searching for a Heracross (and I mean really trying) for about 6 days. And by day, I don't mean the whole damn day. Day 1 was only spent with a ridiculous 4 hours of HEADBUTTing. Following days used a couple of minutes before I gave up. From I think Day 10 on, I wanted to make something worth reading.

I like how the denouement is going. This is like a Behind The Music of the topic.

satinangora:
On a completely unrelated note, the Heracross that I'm using in my Crystal version isn't all that useful. For now at least, he still hasn't learned all of his moves considering he's only at LV. 37. And I've just gotta say, this topic is probably my favorite topic in a LOOOOOOOOONG time. Seriously, it's been a long time since I've enjoyed a topic as much as this one. :D

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Glad to be of service.

I just found it so ironic, that in my past games, I had no problem catching the damn Bug, but now that I'm actually attempting to fill up the damn Pokedex (I mean really, it's been how many years that I've had this?) I have trouble.

IAmNotThePope:
I could believe that you went that long without seeing a single Heracross because I, also, have never seen a wild Heracross in my Pokemon Gold.

I've had the game since maybe a month after it came out. One of my friends caught one on his game, and he traded it to me so I could get the Pokedex data, on the condition that I would trade it right back. But even to this day, I've never managed to find one by Headbutting trees. I've long since stopped looking, of course.

munchlaxrocks:
hey kholdstare

im going to make your journal amd makevids of it on youtube a video for each day if that is ok with you?

oh yeah tell me if there is anything else u want me to add in to the vids if you want me to make your life story as a video.

Sheeensta:
LMFAOOOZZZ
I look forward to seeing it.
It better be good.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
> "hey kholdstare
> 
> im going to make your journal amd makevids of it on youtube a video for each day if that is ok with you?
> 
> oh yeah tell me if there is anything else u want me to add in to the vids if you want me to make your life story as a video."

Oh my god guys, we're actually franchising.

Well, if you're really gonna do this, I bid you good luck. And like Sheen says. Better be good.

If I have any request, then I only request that you use good music in it. So yes. That means Queen. And Tenacious D. Because they ****ing rock.

Sheeensta 17 years ago:
I'm guessing no Linkin Park? =P

iROFL:
No-one can catch Heracross.
Heracross will strike you down with a vicious blow.
We are the vanquished foes of Heracross.
We tried to win for why we do not know.

OSMOND TRIED TO DESTROY HERACROSS BUT HERACROSS HAD IT'S WAAYYYYY.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
> "I'm guessing no Linkin Park? =P"

Haha, sorry.

Also,

> "OSMOND TRIED TO DESTROY HERACROSS BUT HERACROSS HAD IT'S WAAYYYYY."

who the crap is that and how do you know me?

G20four:
kholdstare6... just finished reading this whole topic, and loved every second of it. I have just recently dusted off my pokemon Gold version which I've had since it was released, and decided to start over and complete the game, including the pokedex, which I have not done... it shall be fun, and I can only hope that I have better luck than you.

Thank you for the story.

kholdstare6:
Man, I wish you the best of luck.

G20four:
Thanks... it shall be interesting. My brother has moved to Virgina (from NY), but left some of his GB games here so I do have silver... but the battery in it died, so you can't save. I'll have to try and find out how to fix that (and hope mine doesn't die in the process)... plus my red version has come up missing, which I find rather annoying...

But I guess these challenges are what make adventures fun....... right?

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
> "But I guess these challenges are what make adventures fun....... right?"

Hmmm... no comment.

G20four:
well... to a certain extent!

munchlaxrocks:
hey kholdstare do you have an email or something so i can message you privatly about the vid and what you want me to put in?

HoratioCraw:
kholdstare, I just want to say something to you. You are an inspiration. For as long as I can remember... I have had an uncontrollable phobia of insects. Venomoth, Pinsir, and ohmygodParasect. Even as I type their names on your log my fingers shudder and convulse. I don't know what caused my phobia, and sometimes I think I never will. But there's one thing I do. In fear, beetles reign supreme.

You could say I fear them, but sometimes I think it's just loathing gone too far. That's one thing I know, no matter how hard I'll try, I'll never be able to change about myself. Fear and Loathing. This is Bat Country all right, and I ain't talking about Zubats either.

...But you. kholdstare. To some, you'll be just an obscure boss from a Legend of Zelda game. But to me, I'll always remember what you taught me. You taught me just because something comes from a family of despicable creatures... There will always a light inside them. No matter how much hatred I feel for Herecross' beetle brethren, deep in my heart, I can feel that there's good inside them. I know Herecross wants to be found by you, kholdstare... But I always think it wants to wait, it doesn't think you're ready yet. But by god... I know you are ready kholdstare...I know.

Once you find Herecross.... I know you'll be happy together. A man should always have a special pokemon to love and to love him back. Me and Shuckle have that bond, and I hope you obtain the same one with Herecross. There will be difficult patches... You're going through one right now, and I went through one during Shuckle's brief affair with Relicanth.

...

But above all...

I, Timothy Craw thank you.
My wife Tammy respects you.
My brother, Thomas fears you.
My son Horatio weeps for you.

From the Craw family...

Godspeed You! Black Emperor.

kholdstare6:
Well munchlax, I put a guide up here on Gamefaqs somewhere... ah, there we go. My email's in there.

http://www.gamefaqs.com/console/ps2/file/920219/44637

Also, oh my God. That is the most heartfelt, heart-warming, heartburn-inducing letter I have ever read in my entire life. And I work at the welfare office!

Well no, I'm kidding. About the welfare office part. In all seriousness, you are welcome Mr. Craw (and thank you for knowing what a kholdstare is). But I cannot stress this enough. I alone did not make myself ready.

Nay, it was the good people of this board who helped me climb every mountain, explore every valley, and cross every river.

Because together, ain't no mountain high, ain't no valley low, ain't no river wide enough, baby.

iROFL:
Hey Osmond, he knew you were black lol.

satinangora:
I'm surprised that no one has said anything about how the USA got a black president before kholdstare got a Heracross.

>_>

<_<

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
^LOL

Your genius is showing.

satinangora:
GAH! WHERE!?

chocolate0pirat:
I thought I should tell you that today, i was searching for a Pineco, and I came across a little, Heracross. I named it Kholdstare and released it in hopes that it would find you someday.

Sheeensta:
That's so touching! I'm about to cry now... *sniff


chocolate0pirat:
As i released that Heracross, I thought to myself, it's okay, I'll go get another, little did i know how hard it would be. I've spent the majority of the day HEADBUTTing hundreds of trees. I feel your pain...

chocolate0pirat:
I've already started descending into insanity. I;ve memorized the sounds of pinecos, spearows, aipoms, and everything else in trees so i know when i hear something else, it might be a heracross. something is wrong with Queen, my Nidoqueen, she doesnt walk straight anymore, she misses all of her attacks, and my poor pidgeotto has battled and killed several hundred baby spearows and aipoms. She gained 8 levels today, i wonder how long this will take.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
If your luck is anything like mine, it'll take about a month.

iROFL:
NO ONE CARES CHOCOLATEPIRAT. GO AWAY.

iROFL:
Only kidding. [:

chocolate0pirat:
Thanks for your encouragement iROFL. I'll definately be able to catch one now...not.

chocolate0pirat:
Kholdstare, which tree have you been HEADBUTTing? I find myself trying the one directly below the entrance to Mt. Mortar, but I have had no luck so far.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
That first bunch of trees you see coming out of the gate east of Ecruteak, south of the entrance to Mt. Mortar. More specifically, the one in the lower leftmost corner.


chocolate0pirat:
Oh i gotcha. And btw have you found yours yet? I even took mine to school today so i could look after my finals. People have no respect for pokemon these days.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
choc, I gave up a long time ago.

satinangora:
Did you ever get more AA batteries? If you have you might wanna try the trees behind Kurt's house. I just spent an hour or so searching for a few Heracross and managed to find 3. You might wanna try there if you can :D

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Once again, I'd like to reiterate that I gave up. Haha.

Really though, college work is taking up most of my once-free time.


NarutoLuffy:
I keep on getting Caterpies.

I hate Caterpies.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Yep, that's the point of this topic. Come to me my fellow brethren. Tell me your woes, confess to me your disappointments, share with me your wildest dreams and your darkest secrets.

I say unto you, brothers (and sisters), let it all out. Let it ring from the mountaintops and echo through the valleys like songs of old.

X195:
Did you gave up, or you're still chasing Heracross? If you live nearby, maybe I can give you a egg from my Heracross. even though the chance of that happening is even lower than finding a shiny Chansey holding a Lucky Egg with the highests IVs possible for a wild Chansey.

By the way, I live in Brazil, where do you live? Australia?

Sheeensta:
I'm sure that one would fly accross the globe for a darling little Heracross.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Well I am quite far from you my generous fellow GameFAQs user. I'm in North America, land of the Bush and soon to be Obama.

Darn. Brazil is quite a ways. I wonder how long it'd take to hitchhike there.

X195:
Heh, wish I could help you. Heracross will still be yours someday, I wish you luck, my friend.

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
Gracias, amigo.

Sheeensta:
Isn't it 5000% speed?

kholdstare6 (Topic Creator):
I was thinking of using one of those for the full playthrough but I dunno, it sort of takes the spirit out of it for me.

Then again, the spirit has driven me bat-**** crazy.

BEyesUltimateD:
Sheeensta
Posted 12/10/2008 10:00:50 PM
message detail
> "Isn't it over 9000% speed?"

Fixed.
